LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
NOTICE
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.py
automattic_superset.egg-info/PKG-INFO
automattic_superset.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
automattic_superset.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
automattic_superset.egg-info/entry_points.txt
automattic_superset.egg-info/not-zip-safe
automattic_superset.egg-info/requires.txt
automattic_superset.egg-info/top_level.txt
superset/__init__.py
superset/app.py
superset/config.py
superset/constants.py
superset/dataframe.py
superset/errors.py
superset/exceptions.py
superset/forms.py
superset/jinja_context.py
superset/legacy.py
superset/result_set.py
superset/schemas.py
superset/sql_lab.py
superset/sql_parse.py
superset/stats_logger.py
superset/superset_typing.py
superset/viz.py
superset-frontend/package.json
superset/advanced_data_type/__init__.py
superset/advanced_data_type/api.py
superset/advanced_data_type/schemas.py
superset/advanced_data_type/types.py
superset/advanced_data_type/plugins/__init__.py
superset/advanced_data_type/plugins/internet_address.py
superset/advanced_data_type/plugins/internet_port.py
superset/annotation_layers/__init__.py
superset/annotation_layers/api.py
superset/annotation_layers/filters.py
superset/annotation_layers/schemas.py
superset/annotation_layers/annotations/__init__.py
superset/annotation_layers/annotations/api.py
superset/annotation_layers/annotations/filters.py
superset/annotation_layers/annotations/schemas.py
superset/async_events/__init__.py
superset/async_events/api.py
superset/async_events/async_query_manager.py
superset/async_events/async_query_manager_factory.py
superset/available_domains/__init__.py
superset/available_domains/api.py
superset/available_domains/schemas.py
superset/cachekeys/__init__.py
superset/cachekeys/api.py
superset/cachekeys/schemas.py
superset/charts/__init__.py
superset/charts/api.py
superset/charts/filters.py
superset/charts/post_processing.py
superset/charts/schemas.py
superset/charts/data/__init__.py
superset/charts/data/api.py
superset/charts/data/query_context_cache_loader.py
superset/cli/__init__.py
superset/cli/examples.py
superset/cli/importexport.py
superset/cli/lib.py
superset/cli/main.py
superset/cli/reset.py
superset/cli/test.py
superset/cli/test_db.py
superset/cli/thumbnails.py
superset/cli/update.py
superset/cli/viz_migrations.py
superset/columns/__init__.py
superset/commands/__init__.py
superset/commands/base.py
superset/commands/exceptions.py
superset/commands/utils.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/__init__.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/create.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/delete.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/exceptions.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/update.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/__init__.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/create.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/delete.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/exceptions.py
superset/commands/annotation_layer/annotation/update.py
superset/commands/chart/__init__.py
superset/commands/chart/create.py
superset/commands/chart/delete.py
superset/commands/chart/exceptions.py
superset/commands/chart/export.py
superset/commands/chart/update.py
superset/commands/chart/warm_up_cache.py
superset/commands/chart/data/__init__.py
superset/commands/chart/data/create_async_job_command.py
superset/commands/chart/data/get_data_command.py
superset/commands/chart/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/chart/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/chart/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/chart/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/css/__init__.py
superset/commands/css/delete.py
superset/commands/css/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dashboard/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/copy.py
superset/commands/dashboard/create.py
superset/commands/dashboard/delete.py
superset/commands/dashboard/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dashboard/export.py
superset/commands/dashboard/update.py
superset/commands/dashboard/embedded/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/embedded/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/create.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/delete.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/get.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/update.py
superset/commands/dashboard/filter_state/utils.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/v0.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/dashboard/permalink/__init__.py
superset/commands/dashboard/permalink/base.py
superset/commands/dashboard/permalink/create.py
superset/commands/dashboard/permalink/get.py
superset/commands/database/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/create.py
superset/commands/database/delete.py
superset/commands/database/exceptions.py
superset/commands/database/export.py
superset/commands/database/tables.py
superset/commands/database/test_connection.py
superset/commands/database/update.py
superset/commands/database/validate.py
superset/commands/database/validate_sql.py
superset/commands/database/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/database/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/create.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/delete.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/exceptions.py
superset/commands/database/ssh_tunnel/update.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/__init__.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/base.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/columnar_reader.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/csv_reader.py
superset/commands/database/uploaders/excel_reader.py
superset/commands/dataset/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/create.py
superset/commands/dataset/delete.py
superset/commands/dataset/duplicate.py
superset/commands/dataset/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dataset/export.py
superset/commands/dataset/refresh.py
superset/commands/dataset/update.py
superset/commands/dataset/warm_up_cache.py
superset/commands/dataset/columns/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/columns/delete.py
superset/commands/dataset/columns/exceptions.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/v0.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/dataset/metrics/__init__.py
superset/commands/dataset/metrics/delete.py
superset/commands/dataset/metrics/exceptions.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/__init__.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/base.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/create.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/delete.py
superset/commands/distributed_lock/get.py
superset/commands/explore/__init__.py
superset/commands/explore/get.py
superset/commands/explore/parameters.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/__init__.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/create.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/delete.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/get.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/parameters.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/state.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/update.py
superset/commands/explore/form_data/utils.py
superset/commands/explore/permalink/__init__.py
superset/commands/explore/permalink/base.py
superset/commands/explore/permalink/create.py
superset/commands/explore/permalink/get.py
superset/commands/export/__init__.py
superset/commands/export/assets.py
superset/commands/export/models.py
superset/commands/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/importers/exceptions.py
superset/commands/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/importers/v1/assets.py
superset/commands/importers/v1/examples.py
superset/commands/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/query/__init__.py
superset/commands/query/delete.py
superset/commands/query/exceptions.py
superset/commands/query/export.py
superset/commands/query/importers/__init__.py
superset/commands/query/importers/dispatcher.py
superset/commands/query/importers/v1/__init__.py
superset/commands/query/importers/v1/utils.py
superset/commands/report/__init__.py
superset/commands/report/alert.py
superset/commands/report/base.py
superset/commands/report/create.py
superset/commands/report/delete.py
superset/commands/report/exceptions.py
superset/commands/report/execute.py
superset/commands/report/log_prune.py
superset/commands/report/update.py
superset/commands/security/__init__.py
superset/commands/security/create.py
superset/commands/security/delete.py
superset/commands/security/exceptions.py
superset/commands/security/reset.py
superset/commands/security/update.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/__init__.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/estimate.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/execute.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/export.py
superset/commands/sql_lab/results.py
superset/commands/tag/__init__.py
superset/commands/tag/create.py
superset/commands/tag/delete.py
superset/commands/tag/exceptions.py
superset/commands/tag/update.py
superset/commands/tag/utils.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/__init__.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/create.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/delete.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/entry.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/exceptions.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/get.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/parameters.py
superset/commands/temporary_cache/update.py
superset/common/__init__.py
superset/common/chart_data.py
superset/common/db_query_status.py
superset/common/not_authorized_object.py
superset/common/query_actions.py
superset/common/query_context.py
superset/common/query_context_factory.py
superset/common/query_context_processor.py
superset/common/query_object.py
superset/common/query_object_factory.py
superset/common/tags.py
superset/common/utils/__init__.py
superset/common/utils/dataframe_utils.py
superset/common/utils/query_cache_manager.py
superset/common/utils/time_range_utils.py
superset/connectors/__init__.py
superset/connectors/sqla/__init__.py
superset/connectors/sqla/models.py
superset/connectors/sqla/utils.py
superset/connectors/sqla/views.py
superset/css_templates/__init__.py
superset/css_templates/api.py
superset/css_templates/filters.py
superset/css_templates/schemas.py
superset/daos/__init__.py
superset/daos/annotation_layer.py
superset/daos/base.py
superset/daos/chart.py
superset/daos/css.py
superset/daos/dashboard.py
superset/daos/database.py
superset/daos/dataset.py
superset/daos/datasource.py
superset/daos/exceptions.py
superset/daos/key_value.py
superset/daos/log.py
superset/daos/query.py
superset/daos/report.py
superset/daos/security.py
superset/daos/tag.py
superset/daos/user.py
superset/dashboards/__init__.py
superset/dashboards/api.py
superset/dashboards/filters.py
superset/dashboards/schemas.py
superset/dashboards/filter_state/__init__.py
superset/dashboards/filter_state/api.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/__init__.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/api.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/exceptions.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/schemas.py
superset/dashboards/permalink/types.py
superset/databases/__init__.py
superset/databases/api.py
superset/databases/decorators.py
superset/databases/filters.py
superset/databases/schemas.py
superset/databases/utils.py
superset/databases/ssh_tunnel/__init__.py
superset/databases/ssh_tunnel/models.py
superset/datasets/__init__.py
superset/datasets/api.py
superset/datasets/filters.py
superset/datasets/schemas.py
superset/datasets/columns/__init__.py
superset/datasets/columns/api.py
superset/datasets/metrics/__init__.py
superset/datasets/metrics/api.py
superset/datasource/__init__.py
superset/datasource/api.py
superset/db_engine_specs/__init__.py
superset/db_engine_specs/ascend.py
superset/db_engine_specs/athena.py
superset/db_engine_specs/aurora.py
superset/db_engine_specs/base.py
superset/db_engine_specs/bigquery.py
superset/db_engine_specs/clickhouse.py
superset/db_engine_specs/cockroachdb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/couchbasedb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/crate.py
superset/db_engine_specs/databend.py
superset/db_engine_specs/databricks.py
superset/db_engine_specs/db2.py
superset/db_engine_specs/doris.py
superset/db_engine_specs/dremio.py
superset/db_engine_specs/drill.py
superset/db_engine_specs/druid.py
superset/db_engine_specs/duckdb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/dynamodb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/elasticsearch.py
superset/db_engine_specs/exasol.py
superset/db_engine_specs/exceptions.py
superset/db_engine_specs/firebird.py
superset/db_engine_specs/firebolt.py
superset/db_engine_specs/gsheets.py
superset/db_engine_specs/hana.py
superset/db_engine_specs/hive.py
superset/db_engine_specs/ibmi.py
superset/db_engine_specs/impala.py
superset/db_engine_specs/kusto.py
superset/db_engine_specs/kylin.py
superset/db_engine_specs/lib.py
superset/db_engine_specs/mariadb.py
superset/db_engine_specs/mssql.py
superset/db_engine_specs/mysql.py
superset/db_engine_specs/netezza.py
superset/db_engine_specs/oceanbase.py
superset/db_engine_specs/ocient.py
superset/db_engine_specs/oracle.py
superset/db_engine_specs/pinot.py
superset/db_engine_specs/postgres.py
superset/db_engine_specs/presto.py
superset/db_engine_specs/redshift.py
superset/db_engine_specs/risingwave.py
superset/db_engine_specs/rockset.py
superset/db_engine_specs/shillelagh.py
superset/db_engine_specs/snowflake.py
superset/db_engine_specs/solr.py
superset/db_engine_specs/spark.py
superset/db_engine_specs/sqlite.py
superset/db_engine_specs/starrocks.py
superset/db_engine_specs/superset.py
superset/db_engine_specs/teradata.py
superset/db_engine_specs/trino.py
superset/db_engine_specs/vertica.py
superset/distributed_lock/__init__.py
superset/distributed_lock/types.py
superset/distributed_lock/utils.py
superset/embedded/__init__.py
superset/embedded/api.py
superset/embedded/view.py
superset/embedded_dashboard/__init__.py
superset/examples/__init__.py
superset/examples/bart_lines.py
superset/examples/big_data.py
superset/examples/birth_names.py
superset/examples/countries.md
superset/examples/countries.py
superset/examples/country_map.py
superset/examples/css_templates.py
superset/examples/data_loading.py
superset/examples/deck.py
superset/examples/energy.py
superset/examples/flights.py
superset/examples/helpers.py
superset/examples/long_lat.py
superset/examples/misc_dashboard.py
superset/examples/multiformat_time_series.py
superset/examples/paris.py
superset/examples/random_time_series.py
superset/examples/sf_population_polygons.py
superset/examples/supported_charts_dashboard.py
superset/examples/tabbed_dashboard.py
superset/examples/utils.py
superset/examples/world_bank.py
superset/examples/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/bart_lines.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/big_data.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/birth_names.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/country_map.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/css_templates.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/data_loading.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/deck.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/energy.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/flights.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/helpers.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/long_lat.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/misc_dashboard.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/multiformat_time_series.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/paris.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/random_time_series.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/sf_population_polygons.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/supported_charts_dashboard.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/tabbed_dashboard.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/utils.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/__pycache__/world_bank.cpython-310.pyc
superset/examples/configs/metadata.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Approach__Stage.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Country.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Country_261.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Country__Stage.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Country__Stage_749.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Phase.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/COVID Vaccines/Vaccine_Candidates_per_Phase_587.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Age_distribution_of_respondents.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Are_you_an_ethnic_minority_in_your_city.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Breakdown_of_Developer_Type.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Commute_Time.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Country_of_Citizenship.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Current_Developers_Is_this_your_first_development_job.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Degrees_vs_Income.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Ethnic_Minority__Gender.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/First_Time_Developer.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/First_Time_Developer__Commute_Time.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Gender.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Highest_degree_held.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/How_do_you_prefer_to_work.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/How_much_do_you_expect_to_earn_0_-_100k.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Last_Year_Income_Distribution.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Location_of_Current_Developers.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Number_of_Aspiring_Developers.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Preferred_Employment_Style.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Relocation_ability.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Top_15_Languages_Spoken_at_Home.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/FCC New Coder Survey/Work_Location_Preference.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Area.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Bar.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Big_Number.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Big_Number_with_Trendline.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Box_Plot.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Bubble.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Funnel.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Gauge.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Graph.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Heatmap.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Histogram.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Mixed.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Pie.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Pivot_Table.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Radar.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Sankey.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Scatter_Plot.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Sunburst.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Table.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Tree.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Treemap.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Waterfall.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/Word_Cloud.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Featured Charts/World_Map.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Cross_Channel_Relationship.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Cross_Channel_Relationship_heatmap_2786.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Members_per_Channel.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Messages_per_Channel.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/New_Members_per_Month.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Number_of_Members.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Top_Timezones.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Weekly_Messages.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Slack Dashboard/Weekly_Threads.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Unicode Test/Unicode_Cloud.test.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Number_of_Deals_for_each_Combination.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Overall_Sales_By_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Proportion_of_Revenue_by_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Quarterly_Sales.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Quarterly_Sales_By_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Revenue_by_Deal_Size.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Seasonality_of_Revenue_per_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Total_Items_Sold.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Total_Items_Sold_By_Product_Line.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Vehicle Sales/Total_Revenue.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Games.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Games_per_Genre.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Games_per_Genre_over_time.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Most_Dominant_Platforms.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Number_of_Games_That_Hit_100k_in_Sales_By_Release_Year.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Popular_Genres_Across_Platforms.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Publishers_With_Most_Titles.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Rise__Fall_of_Video_Game_Consoles.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Top_10_Games_Proportion_of_Sales_in_Markets.yaml
superset/examples/configs/charts/Video Game Sales/Total_Sales_per_Market_Grouped_by_Genre.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/COVID_Vaccine_Dashboard.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/FCC_New_Coder_Survey_2018.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Featured_Charts.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Sales_Dashboard.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Slack_Dashboard.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Unicode_Test.test.yaml
superset/examples/configs/dashboards/Video_Game_Sales.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/FCC_2018_Survey.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/channel_members.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/channels.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/cleaned_sales_data.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/covid_vaccines.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/exported_stats.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/hierarchical_dataset.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/members_channels_2.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/messages.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/messages_channels.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/new_members_daily.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/threads.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/unicode_test.test.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/users.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/users_channels-uzooNNtSRO.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/users_channels.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/video_game_sales.yaml
superset/examples/configs/datasets/examples/wb_health_population.yaml
superset/explore/__init__.py
superset/explore/api.py
superset/explore/exceptions.py
superset/explore/schemas.py
superset/explore/utils.py
superset/explore/form_data/__init__.py
superset/explore/form_data/api.py
superset/explore/form_data/schemas.py
superset/explore/permalink/__init__.py
superset/explore/permalink/api.py
superset/explore/permalink/exceptions.py
superset/explore/permalink/schemas.py
superset/explore/permalink/types.py
superset/extensions/__init__.py
superset/extensions/metadb.py
superset/extensions/metastore_cache.py
superset/extensions/pylint.py
superset/extensions/ssh.py
superset/extensions/stats_logger.py
superset/importexport/__init__.py
superset/importexport/api.py
superset/initialization/__init__.py
superset/key_value/__init__.py
superset/key_value/exceptions.py
superset/key_value/models.py
superset/key_value/shared_entries.py
superset/key_value/types.py
superset/key_value/utils.py
superset/migrations/README
superset/migrations/__init__.py
superset/migrations/alembic.ini
superset/migrations/env.py
superset/migrations/migration_utils.py
superset/migrations/script.py.mako
superset/migrations/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/__pycache__/env.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/__pycache__/migration_utils.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/__init__.py
superset/migrations/shared/catalogs.py
superset/migrations/shared/constraints.py
superset/migrations/shared/native_filters.py
superset/migrations/shared/security_converge.py
superset/migrations/shared/utils.py
superset/migrations/shared/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/__pycache__/catalogs.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/__pycache__/constraints.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/__pycache__/native_filters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/__pycache__/security_converge.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/__pycache__/utils.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/__init__.py
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/base.py
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/processors.py
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/__pycache__/base.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/shared/migrate_viz/__pycache__/processors.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/2015-09-21_17-30_4e6a06bad7a8_init.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-10-05_10-32_5a7bad26f2a7_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-10-05_22-11_1e2841a4128_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-10-19_20-54_2929af7925ed_tz_offsets_in_data_sources.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-11-21_11-18_289ce07647b_add_encrypted_password_field.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-04_09-42_1a48a5411020_adding_slug_to_dash.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-04_11-16_315b3f4da9b0_adding_log_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-13_08-38_55179c7f25c7_sqla_descr.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-14_13-37_12d55656cbca_is_featured.py
superset/migrations/versions/2015-12-15_17-02_2591d77e9831_user_id.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-01-13_20-24_8e80a26a31db_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-01-17_22-00_7dbf98566af7_slice_description.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-01-18_23-43_43df8de3a5f4_dash_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-02-03_17-41_d827694c7555_css_templates.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-02-10_08-47_430039611635_log_more.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-13_09-56_a2d606a761d9_adding_favstar_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-13_21-30_18e88e1cc004_making_audit_nullable.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-17_08-40_836c0bf75904_cache_timeouts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-22_23-25_d2424a248d63_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-24_14-13_763d4b211ec9_fixing_audit_fk.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-25_14-35_1d2ddd543133_log_dt.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-03-26_15-09_fee7b758c130_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-03_15-23_867bf4f117f9_adding_extra_field_to_database_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-11_22-41_bb51420eaf83_add_schema_to_table_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-15_08-31_b4456560d4f3_change_table_unique_constraint.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-15_17-58_4fa88fe24e94_owners_many_to_many.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-04-25_08-54_c3a8f8611885_materializing_permission.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-05-01_12-21_f0fbf6129e13_adding_verbose_name_to_tablecolumn.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-05-11_17-28_956a063c52b3_adjusting_key_length.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-05-27_15-03_1226819ee0e3_fix_wrong_constraint_on_table_columns.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-06-07_12-33_d8bc074f7aad_add_new_field_is_restricted_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-06-16_14-15_960c69cb1f5b_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-06-27_08-43_27ae655e4247_make_creator_owners.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-07-06_22-04_f162a1dea4c4_d3format_by_metric.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-07-25_17-48_ad82a75afd82_add_query_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-08-18_14-06_3c3ffe173e4f_add_sql_string_to_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-08-31_10-26_41f6a59a61f2_database_options_for_sql_lab.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-07_23-50_33d996bcc382_update_slice_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-09_17-39_5e4a03ef0bf0_add_request_access_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-12_23-33_4500485bde7d_allow_run_sync_async.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-15_08-48_65903709c321_allow_dml.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-19_17-22_b347b202819b_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-22_10-21_3b626e2a6783_sync_db_with_models.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-22_11-31_eca4694defa7_sqllab_setting_defaults.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-09-30_18-01_ab3d66c4246e_add_cache_timeout_to_druid_cluster.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-10-02_10-35_ef8843b41dac_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-10-05_11-30_b46fa1b0b39e_add_params_to_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-10-14_11-17_7e3ddad2a00b_results_key_to_query.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-10-25_10-16_ad4d656d92bc_add_avg_metric.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-11-02_17-36_c611f2b591b8_dim_spec.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-11-14_15-23_e46f2d27a08e_materialize_perms.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-11-23_10-27_f1f2d4af5b90_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-12-06_17-40_1296d28ec131_druid_exports.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-12-13_16-19_525c854f0005_log_this_plus.py
superset/migrations/versions/2016-12-19_09-57_6414e83d82b7_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-01-10_11-47_bcf3126872fc_add_keyvalue.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-01-24_12-31_db0c65b146bd_update_slice_model_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-01-24_12-40_f18570e03440_add_query_result_key_index.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-02-08_14-16_a99f2f7c195a_rewriting_url_from_shortner_with_new_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-02-10_17-58_d6db5a5cdb5d_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-03_09-15_732f1c06bcbf_add_fetch_values_predicate.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-08_11-48_b318dfe5fb6c_adding_verbose_name_to_druid_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-16_14-55_ea033256294a_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-16_18-10_db527d8c4c78_add_db_verbose_name.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-21_15-41_979c03af3341_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-28_11-28_a6c18f869a4e_query_start_running_time.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-03-29_15-04_2fcdcb35e487_saved_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-04-25_10-00_a65458420354_add_result_backend_time_logging.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-07-26_20-09_ca69c70ec99b_tracking_url.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-08-31_17-35_a9c47e2c1547_add_impersonate_user_to_dbs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-13_16-36_ddd6ebdd853b_annotations.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-15_15-09_19a814813610_adding_metric_warning_text.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-19_15-09_d39b1e37131d_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-21_18-37_472d2f73dfd4_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-09-24_20-18_f959a6652acd_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-10-03_14-37_4736ec66ce19_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-12-08_08-19_67a6ac9b727b_update_spatial_params.py
superset/migrations/versions/2017-12-17_11-06_21e88bc06c02_annotation_migration.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-02-13_08-07_e866bd2d4976_smaller_grid.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-03-06_12-24_e68c4473c581_allow_multi_schema_metadata_fetch.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-03-20_19-47_f231d82b9b26_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-03-30_14-00_d6ffdf31bdd4_add_published_column_to_dashboards.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-03_08-19_130915240929_is_sqllab_viz_flow.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-08_07-34_30bb17c0dc76_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-10_11-19_bf706ae5eb46_cal_heatmap_metric_to_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-10_20-46_c9495751e314_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-04-12_16-00_5ccf602336a0_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-05-09_23-45_e502db2af7be_add_template_params_to_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-05-15_20-28_6c7537a6004a_models_for_email_reports.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-04_11-12_c5756bec8b47_time_grain_sqla.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-07_09-52_afb7730f6a9c_remove_empty_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-13_10-20_4451805bbaa1_remove_double_percents.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-13_14-54_bddc498dd179_adhoc_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-06-14_14-31_80a67c5192fa_single_pie_chart_metric.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-05_15-19_3dda56f1c4c6_migrate_num_period_compare_and_period_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-16_18-04_1d9e835a84f9_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-19_23-41_c617da68de7d_form_nullable.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-20_15-31_7f2635b51f5d_update_base_columns.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-20_15-57_e9df189e5c7e_update_base_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-20_16-08_937d04c16b64_update_datasources.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_08-49_c829ff0b37d0_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_08-50_7467e77870e4_remove_aggs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_09-32_e3970889f38e_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_11-50_fc480c87706c_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_11-59_bebcf3fed1fe_convert_dashboard_v1_positions.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-22_21-51_705732c70154_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-23_11-18_ec1f88a35cc6_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-23_11-20_46ba6aaaac97_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-24_14-29_c18bd4186f15_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-07-26_11-10_c82ee8a39623_add_implicit_tags.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-08-01_11-47_7fcdcde0761c_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-08-06_14-38_0c5070e96b57_add_user_attributes_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-08-13_11-30_1a1d627ebd8e_position_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-08-29_14-35_55e910a74826_add_metadata_column_to_annotation_model_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-11-05_08-42_0b1f1ab473c0_add_extra_column_to_query.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-11-12_13-31_4ce8df208545_migrate_time_range_for_default_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-11-26_00-01_46f444d8b9b7_remove_coordinator_from_druid_cluster_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-11-27_11-53_a61b40f9f57f_remove_allow_run_sync.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-11_22-03_fb13d49b72f9_better_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-13_15-38_cefabc8f7d38_increase_size_of_name_column_in_ab_view_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-15_12-34_3e1b21cd94a4_change_owner_to_m2m_relation_on_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-18_22-45_de021a1ca60d_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2018-12-22_17-26_fbd55e0f83eb_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-01-14_16-00_a33a03f16c4a_add_extra_column_to_savedquery.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-01-17_08-31_8b70aa3d0f87_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-01-18_14-56_18dc26817ad2_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-02-01_16-07_e553e78e90c5_add_druid_auth_py_py.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-02-16_17-44_45e7da7cfeba_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-03-21_10-22_d94d33dbe938_form_strip.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-04-09_16-27_80aa3f04bc82_add_parent_ids_in_dashboard_layout.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-05-06_14-30_afc69274c25a_alter_sql_column_data_type_in_query_mysql_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-06-04_10-12_d7c1a0d6f2da_remove_limit_used_from_query_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-06-05_11-35_b4a38aa87893_deprecate_database_expression.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-06-28_13-17_ab8c66efdd01_resample.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-07-11_19-02_def97f26fdfb_add_index_to_tagged_object.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-07-15_12-00_190188938582_adding_unique_constraint_on_dashboard_slices_tbl.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-09-08_21-50_11c737c17cc6_deprecate_restricted_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-09-11_21-49_5afa9079866a_serialize_schema_permissions_py.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-09-19_13-40_258b5280a45e_form_strip_leading_and_trailing_whitespace.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-10-02_00-29_b6fa807eac07_make_names_non_nullable.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-10-09_15-05_cca2f5d568c8_add_encrypted_extra_to_dbs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-10-10_13-52_1495eb914ad3_time_range.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-11-01_09-18_c2acd2cf3df2_alter_type_of_dbs_encrypted_extra.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-11-06_15-23_78ee127d0d1d_reconvert_legacy_filters_into_adhoc.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-11-13_11-05_db4b49eb0782_add_tables_for_sql_lab_state.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-12-03_10-24_817e1c9b09d0_add_not_null_to_dbs_sqlalchemy_url.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-12-03_13-50_89115a40e8ea_change_table_schema_description_to_long_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2019-12-04_17-07_0a6f12f60c73_add_role_level_security.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-01-08_01-17_e96dbf2cfef0_datasource_cluster_fk.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-02-07_14-13_3325d4caccc8_dashboard_scoped_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-02-20_08-52_72428d1ea401_add_tmp_schema_name_to_the_query_object.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-03-25_10-42_f9a30386bd74_cleanup_time_grainularity.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-03-25_10-49_b5998378c225_add_certificate_to_dbs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-04-24_10-46_e557699a813e_add_tables_relation_to_row_level_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-04-29_09-24_620241d1153f_update_time_grain_sqla.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-05-12_12-59_ea396d202291_ctas_method_in_query.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-05-13_21-01_743a117f0d98_add_slack_to_the_schedule.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-05-26_23-21_2f1d15e8a6af_add_alerts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-06-21_19-50_a72cb0ebeb22_deprecate_dbs_perm_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-07-09_17-12_73fd22e742ab_add_dynamic_plugins_py.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-08_18-10_f2672aa8350a_add_slack_to_alerts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-12_00-24_978245563a02_migrate_iframe_to_dash_markdown.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-12_10-01_f120347acb39_add_extra_column_to_tables_and_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-12_15-47_f80a3b88324b_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-28_17-16_175ea3592453_cache_lookup.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-08-31_20-30_2e5a0ee25ed4_refractor_alerting.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-01_16-23_ae19b4ee3692_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-15_18-22_e5ef6828ac4e_add_rls_filter_type_and_grouping_key.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-24_12-04_3fbbc6e8d654_fix_data_access_permissions_for_virtual_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-25_10-56_18532d70ab98_fix_table_unique_constraint_in_mysql.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-09-28_17-57_b56500de1855_add_uuid_column_to_import_mixin.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-10-05_18-10_af30ca79208f_collapse_alerting_models_into_a_single_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-10-20_17-28_585b0b1a7b18_add_exec_info_to_saved_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-10-21_21-09_96e99fb176a0_add_import_mixing_to_saved_query.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-04_11-06_49b5a32daba5_add_report_schedules.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-15_16-08_a8173232b786_add_path_to_logs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-20_14-24_e38177dbf641_security_converge_saved_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-30_15-25_40f16acf1ba7_security_converge_reports.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-11-30_17-54_8ee129739cf9_security_converge_css_templates.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-03_10-11_5daced1f0e76_reports_add_working_timeout_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-03_16-21_811494c0cc23_remove_path_from_logs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-09_14-13_ccb74baaa89b_security_converge_charts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-10_15-05_45731db65d9c_security_converge_datasets.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-11_11-45_1f6dca87d1a2_security_converge_dashboards.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-11_17-02_c25cb2c78727_security_converge_annotations.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-14_10-49_42b4c9e01447_security_converge_databases.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-14_13-40_4b84f97828aa_security_converge_logs.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-15_09-07_ab104a954a8f_reports_alter_crontab_size.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-16_12-15_e37912a26567_security_converge_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2020-12-23_11-34_c878781977c6_alert_reports_shared_uniqueness.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-01-14_19-12_e11ccdd12658_add_roles_relationship_to_dashboard.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-01-23_16-25_260bf0649a77_migrate_x_dateunit_in_time_range.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-04_09-34_070c043f2fdb_add_granularity_to_charts_where_missing.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-10_12-32_41ce8799acc3_rename_pie_label_type.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-14_11-46_1412ec1e5a7b_legacy_force_directed_to_echart.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-18_09-13_c501b7c653a3_add_missing_uuid_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-02-22_11-22_67da9ef1ef9c_add_hide_left_bar_to_tabstate.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-03-23_05-23_301362411006_add_execution_id_to_report_execution_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-03-24_09-47_989bbe479899_rename_filter_configuration_in_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-03-29_11-15_3ebe0993c770_filterset_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-06_21-39_19e978e1b9c3_add_report_format_to_report_schedule_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-07_07-21_134cea61c5e7_remove_dataset_health_check_message.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-09_16-14_085f06488938_country_map_use_lowercase_country_name.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-12_12-38_fc3a3a8ff221_migrate_filter_sets_to_new_format.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-16_17-38_d416d0d715cc_add_limiting_factor_column_to_query_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-29_15-32_f1410ed7ec95_migrate_native_filters_to_new_schema.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-04-30_10-55_453530256cea_add_save_option_column_to_db_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-05-27_16-10_6f139c533bea_add_advanced_data_types_to_column_models.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-07-09_12-18_ae1ed299413b_add_timezone_to_report_schedule.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-07-14_10-31_3317e9248280_add_creation_method_to_reports_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-07-21_12-09_030c840e3a1c_add_query_context_to_slices.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-07-27_08-25_31b2a1039d4a_drop_tables_constraint.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-02_16-39_e323605f370a_fix_schemas_allowed_for_csv_upload.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-02_21-14_6d20ba9ecb33_add_last_saved_at_to_slice_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-03_15-36_143b6f2815da_migrate_pivot_table_v2_heatmaps_to_new_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-04_17-16_f6196627326f_update_chart_permissions.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-09_17-32_07071313dd52_change_fetch_values_predicate_to_text.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-24_23-27_181091c0ef16_add_extra_column_to_columns_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-08-31_11-37_021b81fe4fbb_add_type_to_native_filter_configuration.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-09-19_14-42_b92d69a6643c_rename_csv_to_file.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-09-27_11-31_60dc453f4e2e_migrate_timeseries_limit_metric_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-10-12_11-15_32646df09c64_update_time_grain_sqla.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-02_17-44_3ba29ecbaac5_change_datatype_of_type_in_basecolumn.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-03_14-07_f9847149153d_add_certifications_columns_to_slice.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-05_11-11_aea15018d53b_add_certifications_columns_to_dashboard.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-11_04-18_0ca9e5f1dacd_rename_to_schemas_allowed_for_file_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-11-11_16-41_b8d3a24d9131_new_dataset_models.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-02_12-03_abe27eaf93db_add_extra_config_column_to_alerts.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-10_19-25_bb38f40aa3ff_add_force_screenshot_to_alerts_reports.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-13_14-06_fe23025b9441_rename_big_viz_total_form_data_fields.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-15_15-05_c53bae8f08dd_add_saved_query_foreign_key_to_tab_state.py
superset/migrations/versions/2021-12-17_16-56_31bb738bd1d2_move_pivot_table_v2_legacy_order_by_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-01-19_07-34_5fd49410a97a_add_columns_for_external_management.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-01-28_16-03_5afbb1a5849b_add_embedded_dahshoard_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-02-25_08-06_ab9a9d86e695_deprecate_time_range_endpoints.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-02_09-20_b5a422d8e252_fix_query_and_saved_query_null_schema.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-02_16-41_7293b0ca7944_change_adhoc_filter_b_from_none_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-04_09-59_6766938c6065_add_key_value_store.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-16_21-07_8b841273bec3_sql_lab_models_database_constraint_updates.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-16_23-24_58df9d617f14_add_on_saved_query_delete_tab_state_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-03-29_18-03_2ed890b36b94_rm_time_range_endpoints_from_qc.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-01_14-38_a9422eeaae74_new_dataset_models_take_2.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-04_15-04_b0d0249074e4_deprecate_time_range_endpoints_v2.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-06_14-10_9d8a8d575284_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-14_17-21_cecc6bf46990_rm_time_range_endpoints_2.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-04-18_11-20_ad07e4fdbaba_rm_time_range_endpoints_from_qc_3.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-05-03_19-39_cbe71abde154_fix_report_schedule_and_log.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-05-18_16-07_e786798587de_delete_none_permissions.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-06-14_15-28_e09b4ae78457_resize_key_value_blob.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-06-19_16-17_f3afaf1f11f0_add_unique_name_desc_rls.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-06-27_14-59_7fb8bca906d2_permalink_rename_filterstate.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-05_15-48_409c7b420ab0_add_created_by_fk_as_owner.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-07_00-00_cdcf3d64daf4_add_user_id_dttm_idx_to_log_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-07_13-00_c747c78868b6_migrating_legacy_treemap.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-07_14-00_06e1e70058c7_migrating_legacy_area.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-11_11-26_ffa79af61a56_rename_report_schedule_extra_to_extra_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-07-19_15-16_a39867932713_query_context_to_mediumtext.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-08-16_15-23_6d3c6f9d665d_fix_table_chart_conditional_formatting_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-08-31_19-30_291f024254b5_drop_column_allow_multi_schema_metadata_fetch.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-10-03_17-34_deb4c9d4a4ef_parameters_in_saved_queries.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-10-20_10-48_f3c2d8ec8595_create_ssh_tunnel_credentials_tbl.py
superset/migrations/versions/2022-11-28_17-51_4ce1d9b25135_remove_filter_bar_orientation.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-02-28_14-46_c0a3ea245b61_remove_show_native_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-03-05_10-06_d0ac08bb5b83_invert_horizontal_bar_chart_order.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-03-17_13-24_b5ea9d343307_bar_chart_stack_options.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-03-27_12-30_7e67aecbf3f1_chart_ds_constraint.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-03-29_20-30_07f9a902af1b_drop_postgres_enum_constrains_for_tags.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-05-01_12-03_9c2a5681ddfd_convert_key_value_entries_to_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-05-11_12-41_4ea966691069_cross_filter_global_scoping.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-01_13-13_83e1abbe777f_drop_access_request.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-08_09-02_9ba2ce3086e5_migrate_pivot_table_v1_to_v2.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-08_10-22_4c5da39be729_migrate_treemap_chart.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-08_11-34_ae58e1e58e5c_migrate_dual_line_to_mixed_chart.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-21_14-02_90139bf715e4_add_currency_column_to_metrics.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-22_13-39_6fbe660cac39_add_on_delete_cascade_for_tables_references.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-27_16-54_8e5b0fb85b9a_add_custom_size_columns_to_report.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-28_19-49_bf646a0c1501_json_metadata.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-06-29_18-38_240d23c7f86f_update_tag_model_w_description.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-07_20-06_f92a3124dd66_drop_rouge_constraints_and_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-11_15-51_6d05b0a70c89_add_on_delete_cascade_for_owners_references.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-12_20-34_e0f6f91c2055_create_user_favorite_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-18_15-30_863adcf72773_delete_obsolete_druid_nosql_slice_parameters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-19_16-48_a23c6f8b1280_cleanup_erroneous_parent_filter_ids.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-07-19_17-54_ee179a490af9_deckgl_path_width_units.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-02_15-23_0769ef90fddd_fix_schema_perm_for_datasets.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-08_14-14_2e826adca42c_log_json.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-09_14-17_8ace289026f3_add_on_delete_cascade_for_dashboard_slices.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-09_15-39_4448fa6deeb1__dd_on_delete_cascade_for_embedded_dashboards.py.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-14_09-38_9f4a086c2676_add_normalize_columns_to_sqla_model.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-08-22_11-09_ec54aca4c8a2_increase_ab_user_email_field_size.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-09-06_13-18_317970b4400c_added_time_secondary_column_to_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-09-15_12-58_4b85906e5b91_add_on_delete_cascade_for_dashboard_roles.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-12-01_12-03_b7851ee5522f_replay_317970b4400c.py
superset/migrations/versions/2023-12-15_17-58_06dd9ff00fe8_add_percent_calculation_type_funnel_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-05_16-20_65a167d4c62e_add_indexes_to_report_models.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-16_13-14_59a1450b3c10_drop_filter_sets_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-17_13-09_96164e3017c6_tagged_object_unique_constraint.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-18_12-12_15a2c68a2e6b_merging_two_heads.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-18_14-41_a32e0c4d8646_migrate_sunburst_chart.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-18_15-20_214f580d09c9_migrate_filter_boxes_to_native_filters.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-19_08-42_1cf8e4344e2b_merging.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-01-19_10-03_e863403c0c50_drop_url_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-02-07_17-13_87d38ad83218_migrate_can_view_and_drill_permission.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-02-14_14-43_17fcea065655_change_text_to_mediumtext.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-03-01_10-47_be1b217cd8cd_big_number_kpi_single_metric.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-03-20_16-02_678eefb4ab44_add_access_token_table.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-01_22-44_c22cb5c2e546_user_attr_avatar_url.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-08_15-43_5ad7321c2169_mig_new_csv_upload_perm.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-11_15-41_5f57af97bc3f_add_catalog_column.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-17_14-04_d60591c5515f_mig_new_excel_upload_perm.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-04-26_12-36_4a33124c18ad_mig_new_columnar_upload_perm.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-01_10-52_58d051681a3b_add_catalog_perm_to_tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-02_13-40_3dfd0e78650e_add_query_sql_editor_id_index.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-06_11-37_645bb206f96c_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-08_19-33_4081be5b6b74_enable_catalog_in_databricks.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-09_18-44_87ffc36f9842_enable_catalog_in_bigquery_presto_trino_.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-09_19-19_f7b6750b67e8_change_mediumtext_to_longtext.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-10_11-09_9621c6d56ffb_add_subject_column_to_report_schedule.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-10_18-02_f84fde59123a_update_charts_with_old_time_comparison.py
superset/migrations/versions/2024-05-24_11-31_02f4f7811799_remove_sl__tables.py
superset/migrations/versions/__init__.py
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-09-21_17-30_4e6a06bad7a8_init.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-10-05_10-32_5a7bad26f2a7_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-10-05_22-11_1e2841a4128_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-10-19_20-54_2929af7925ed_tz_offsets_in_data_sources.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-11-21_11-18_289ce07647b_add_encrypted_password_field.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-12-04_09-42_1a48a5411020_adding_slug_to_dash.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-12-04_11-16_315b3f4da9b0_adding_log_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-12-13_08-38_55179c7f25c7_sqla_descr.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-12-14_13-37_12d55656cbca_is_featured.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2015-12-15_17-02_2591d77e9831_user_id.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-01-13_20-24_8e80a26a31db_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-01-17_22-00_7dbf98566af7_slice_description.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-01-18_23-43_43df8de3a5f4_dash_json.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-02-03_17-41_d827694c7555_css_templates.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-02-10_08-47_430039611635_log_more.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-03-13_09-56_a2d606a761d9_adding_favstar_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-03-13_21-30_18e88e1cc004_making_audit_nullable.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-03-17_08-40_836c0bf75904_cache_timeouts.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-03-22_23-25_d2424a248d63_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-03-24_14-13_763d4b211ec9_fixing_audit_fk.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-03-25_14-35_1d2ddd543133_log_dt.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-03-26_15-09_fee7b758c130_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-04-03_15-23_867bf4f117f9_adding_extra_field_to_database_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-04-11_22-41_bb51420eaf83_add_schema_to_table_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-04-15_08-31_b4456560d4f3_change_table_unique_constraint.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-04-15_17-58_4fa88fe24e94_owners_many_to_many.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-04-25_08-54_c3a8f8611885_materializing_permission.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-05-01_12-21_f0fbf6129e13_adding_verbose_name_to_tablecolumn.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-05-11_17-28_956a063c52b3_adjusting_key_length.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-05-27_15-03_1226819ee0e3_fix_wrong_constraint_on_table_columns.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-06-07_12-33_d8bc074f7aad_add_new_field_is_restricted_to_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-06-16_14-15_960c69cb1f5b_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-06-27_08-43_27ae655e4247_make_creator_owners.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-07-06_22-04_f162a1dea4c4_d3format_by_metric.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-07-25_17-48_ad82a75afd82_add_query_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-08-18_14-06_3c3ffe173e4f_add_sql_string_to_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-08-31_10-26_41f6a59a61f2_database_options_for_sql_lab.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-09-07_23-50_33d996bcc382_update_slice_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-09-09_17-39_5e4a03ef0bf0_add_request_access_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-09-12_23-33_4500485bde7d_allow_run_sync_async.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-09-15_08-48_65903709c321_allow_dml.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-09-19_17-22_b347b202819b_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-09-22_10-21_3b626e2a6783_sync_db_with_models.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-09-22_11-31_eca4694defa7_sqllab_setting_defaults.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-09-30_18-01_ab3d66c4246e_add_cache_timeout_to_druid_cluster.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-10-02_10-35_ef8843b41dac_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-10-05_11-30_b46fa1b0b39e_add_params_to_tables.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-10-14_11-17_7e3ddad2a00b_results_key_to_query.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-10-25_10-16_ad4d656d92bc_add_avg_metric.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-11-02_17-36_c611f2b591b8_dim_spec.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-11-14_15-23_e46f2d27a08e_materialize_perms.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-11-23_10-27_f1f2d4af5b90_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-12-06_17-40_1296d28ec131_druid_exports.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-12-13_16-19_525c854f0005_log_this_plus.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2016-12-19_09-57_6414e83d82b7_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-01-10_11-47_bcf3126872fc_add_keyvalue.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-01-24_12-31_db0c65b146bd_update_slice_model_json.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-01-24_12-40_f18570e03440_add_query_result_key_index.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-02-08_14-16_a99f2f7c195a_rewriting_url_from_shortner_with_new_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-02-10_17-58_d6db5a5cdb5d_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-03-03_09-15_732f1c06bcbf_add_fetch_values_predicate.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-03-08_11-48_b318dfe5fb6c_adding_verbose_name_to_druid_column.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-03-16_14-55_ea033256294a_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-03-16_18-10_db527d8c4c78_add_db_verbose_name.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-03-21_15-41_979c03af3341_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-03-28_11-28_a6c18f869a4e_query_start_running_time.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-03-29_15-04_2fcdcb35e487_saved_queries.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-04-25_10-00_a65458420354_add_result_backend_time_logging.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-07-26_20-09_ca69c70ec99b_tracking_url.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-08-31_17-35_a9c47e2c1547_add_impersonate_user_to_dbs.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-09-13_16-36_ddd6ebdd853b_annotations.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-09-15_15-09_19a814813610_adding_metric_warning_text.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-09-19_15-09_d39b1e37131d_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-09-21_18-37_472d2f73dfd4_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-09-24_20-18_f959a6652acd_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-10-03_14-37_4736ec66ce19_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-12-08_08-19_67a6ac9b727b_update_spatial_params.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2017-12-17_11-06_21e88bc06c02_annotation_migration.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-02-13_08-07_e866bd2d4976_smaller_grid.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-03-06_12-24_e68c4473c581_allow_multi_schema_metadata_fetch.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-03-20_19-47_f231d82b9b26_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-03-30_14-00_d6ffdf31bdd4_add_published_column_to_dashboards.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-04-03_08-19_130915240929_is_sqllab_viz_flow.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-04-08_07-34_30bb17c0dc76_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-04-10_11-19_bf706ae5eb46_cal_heatmap_metric_to_metrics.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-04-10_20-46_c9495751e314_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-04-12_16-00_5ccf602336a0_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-05-09_23-45_e502db2af7be_add_template_params_to_tables.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-05-15_20-28_6c7537a6004a_models_for_email_reports.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-06-04_11-12_c5756bec8b47_time_grain_sqla.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-06-07_09-52_afb7730f6a9c_remove_empty_filters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-06-13_10-20_4451805bbaa1_remove_double_percents.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-06-13_14-54_bddc498dd179_adhoc_filters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-06-14_14-31_80a67c5192fa_single_pie_chart_metric.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-05_15-19_3dda56f1c4c6_migrate_num_period_compare_and_period_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-16_18-04_1d9e835a84f9_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-19_23-41_c617da68de7d_form_nullable.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-20_15-31_7f2635b51f5d_update_base_columns.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-20_15-57_e9df189e5c7e_update_base_metrics.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-20_16-08_937d04c16b64_update_datasources.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-22_08-49_c829ff0b37d0_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-22_08-50_7467e77870e4_remove_aggs.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-22_09-32_e3970889f38e_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-22_11-50_fc480c87706c_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-22_11-59_bebcf3fed1fe_convert_dashboard_v1_positions.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-22_21-51_705732c70154_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-23_11-18_ec1f88a35cc6_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-23_11-20_46ba6aaaac97_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-24_14-29_c18bd4186f15_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-07-26_11-10_c82ee8a39623_add_implicit_tags.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-08-01_11-47_7fcdcde0761c_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-08-06_14-38_0c5070e96b57_add_user_attributes_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-08-13_11-30_1a1d627ebd8e_position_json.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-08-29_14-35_55e910a74826_add_metadata_column_to_annotation_model_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-11-05_08-42_0b1f1ab473c0_add_extra_column_to_query.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-11-12_13-31_4ce8df208545_migrate_time_range_for_default_filters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-11-26_00-01_46f444d8b9b7_remove_coordinator_from_druid_cluster_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-11-27_11-53_a61b40f9f57f_remove_allow_run_sync.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-12-11_22-03_fb13d49b72f9_better_filters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-12-13_15-38_cefabc8f7d38_increase_size_of_name_column_in_ab_view_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-12-15_12-34_3e1b21cd94a4_change_owner_to_m2m_relation_on_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-12-18_22-45_de021a1ca60d_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2018-12-22_17-26_fbd55e0f83eb_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-01-14_16-00_a33a03f16c4a_add_extra_column_to_savedquery.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-01-17_08-31_8b70aa3d0f87_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-01-18_14-56_18dc26817ad2_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-02-01_16-07_e553e78e90c5_add_druid_auth_py_py.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-02-16_17-44_45e7da7cfeba_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-03-21_10-22_d94d33dbe938_form_strip.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-04-09_16-27_80aa3f04bc82_add_parent_ids_in_dashboard_layout.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-05-06_14-30_afc69274c25a_alter_sql_column_data_type_in_query_mysql_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-06-04_10-12_d7c1a0d6f2da_remove_limit_used_from_query_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-06-05_11-35_b4a38aa87893_deprecate_database_expression.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-06-28_13-17_ab8c66efdd01_resample.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-07-11_19-02_def97f26fdfb_add_index_to_tagged_object.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-07-15_12-00_190188938582_adding_unique_constraint_on_dashboard_slices_tbl.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-09-08_21-50_11c737c17cc6_deprecate_restricted_metrics.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-09-11_21-49_5afa9079866a_serialize_schema_permissions_py.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-09-19_13-40_258b5280a45e_form_strip_leading_and_trailing_whitespace.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-10-02_00-29_b6fa807eac07_make_names_non_nullable.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-10-09_15-05_cca2f5d568c8_add_encrypted_extra_to_dbs.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-10-10_13-52_1495eb914ad3_time_range.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-11-01_09-18_c2acd2cf3df2_alter_type_of_dbs_encrypted_extra.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-11-06_15-23_78ee127d0d1d_reconvert_legacy_filters_into_adhoc.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-11-13_11-05_db4b49eb0782_add_tables_for_sql_lab_state.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-12-03_10-24_817e1c9b09d0_add_not_null_to_dbs_sqlalchemy_url.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-12-03_13-50_89115a40e8ea_change_table_schema_description_to_long_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2019-12-04_17-07_0a6f12f60c73_add_role_level_security.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-01-08_01-17_e96dbf2cfef0_datasource_cluster_fk.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-02-07_14-13_3325d4caccc8_dashboard_scoped_filters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-02-20_08-52_72428d1ea401_add_tmp_schema_name_to_the_query_object.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-03-25_10-42_f9a30386bd74_cleanup_time_grainularity.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-03-25_10-49_b5998378c225_add_certificate_to_dbs.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-04-24_10-46_e557699a813e_add_tables_relation_to_row_level_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-04-29_09-24_620241d1153f_update_time_grain_sqla.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-05-12_12-59_ea396d202291_ctas_method_in_query.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-05-13_21-01_743a117f0d98_add_slack_to_the_schedule.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-05-26_23-21_2f1d15e8a6af_add_alerts.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-06-21_19-50_a72cb0ebeb22_deprecate_dbs_perm_column.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-07-09_17-12_73fd22e742ab_add_dynamic_plugins_py.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-08-08_18-10_f2672aa8350a_add_slack_to_alerts.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-08-12_00-24_978245563a02_migrate_iframe_to_dash_markdown.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-08-12_10-01_f120347acb39_add_extra_column_to_tables_and_metrics.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-08-12_15-47_f80a3b88324b_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-08-28_17-16_175ea3592453_cache_lookup.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-08-31_20-30_2e5a0ee25ed4_refractor_alerting.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-09-01_16-23_ae19b4ee3692_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-09-15_18-22_e5ef6828ac4e_add_rls_filter_type_and_grouping_key.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-09-24_12-04_3fbbc6e8d654_fix_data_access_permissions_for_virtual_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-09-25_10-56_18532d70ab98_fix_table_unique_constraint_in_mysql.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-09-28_17-57_b56500de1855_add_uuid_column_to_import_mixin.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-10-05_18-10_af30ca79208f_collapse_alerting_models_into_a_single_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-10-20_17-28_585b0b1a7b18_add_exec_info_to_saved_queries.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-10-21_21-09_96e99fb176a0_add_import_mixing_to_saved_query.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-11-04_11-06_49b5a32daba5_add_report_schedules.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-11-15_16-08_a8173232b786_add_path_to_logs.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-11-20_14-24_e38177dbf641_security_converge_saved_queries.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-11-30_15-25_40f16acf1ba7_security_converge_reports.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-11-30_17-54_8ee129739cf9_security_converge_css_templates.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-03_10-11_5daced1f0e76_reports_add_working_timeout_column.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-03_16-21_811494c0cc23_remove_path_from_logs.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-09_14-13_ccb74baaa89b_security_converge_charts.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-10_15-05_45731db65d9c_security_converge_datasets.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-11_11-45_1f6dca87d1a2_security_converge_dashboards.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-11_17-02_c25cb2c78727_security_converge_annotations.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-14_10-49_42b4c9e01447_security_converge_databases.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-14_13-40_4b84f97828aa_security_converge_logs.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-15_09-07_ab104a954a8f_reports_alter_crontab_size.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-16_12-15_e37912a26567_security_converge_queries.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2020-12-23_11-34_c878781977c6_alert_reports_shared_uniqueness.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-01-14_19-12_e11ccdd12658_add_roles_relationship_to_dashboard.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-01-23_16-25_260bf0649a77_migrate_x_dateunit_in_time_range.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-02-04_09-34_070c043f2fdb_add_granularity_to_charts_where_missing.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-02-10_12-32_41ce8799acc3_rename_pie_label_type.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-02-14_11-46_1412ec1e5a7b_legacy_force_directed_to_echart.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-02-18_09-13_c501b7c653a3_add_missing_uuid_column.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-02-22_11-22_67da9ef1ef9c_add_hide_left_bar_to_tabstate.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-03-23_05-23_301362411006_add_execution_id_to_report_execution_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-03-24_09-47_989bbe479899_rename_filter_configuration_in_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-03-29_11-15_3ebe0993c770_filterset_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-04-06_21-39_19e978e1b9c3_add_report_format_to_report_schedule_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-04-07_07-21_134cea61c5e7_remove_dataset_health_check_message.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-04-09_16-14_085f06488938_country_map_use_lowercase_country_name.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-04-12_12-38_fc3a3a8ff221_migrate_filter_sets_to_new_format.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-04-16_17-38_d416d0d715cc_add_limiting_factor_column_to_query_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-04-29_15-32_f1410ed7ec95_migrate_native_filters_to_new_schema.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-04-30_10-55_453530256cea_add_save_option_column_to_db_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-05-27_16-10_6f139c533bea_add_advanced_data_types_to_column_models.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-07-09_12-18_ae1ed299413b_add_timezone_to_report_schedule.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-07-14_10-31_3317e9248280_add_creation_method_to_reports_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-07-21_12-09_030c840e3a1c_add_query_context_to_slices.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-07-27_08-25_31b2a1039d4a_drop_tables_constraint.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-08-02_16-39_e323605f370a_fix_schemas_allowed_for_csv_upload.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-08-02_21-14_6d20ba9ecb33_add_last_saved_at_to_slice_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-08-03_15-36_143b6f2815da_migrate_pivot_table_v2_heatmaps_to_new_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-08-04_17-16_f6196627326f_update_chart_permissions.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-08-09_17-32_07071313dd52_change_fetch_values_predicate_to_text.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-08-24_23-27_181091c0ef16_add_extra_column_to_columns_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-08-31_11-37_021b81fe4fbb_add_type_to_native_filter_configuration.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-09-19_14-42_b92d69a6643c_rename_csv_to_file.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-09-27_11-31_60dc453f4e2e_migrate_timeseries_limit_metric_to_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-10-12_11-15_32646df09c64_update_time_grain_sqla.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-11-02_17-44_3ba29ecbaac5_change_datatype_of_type_in_basecolumn.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-11-03_14-07_f9847149153d_add_certifications_columns_to_slice.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-11-05_11-11_aea15018d53b_add_certifications_columns_to_dashboard.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-11-11_04-18_0ca9e5f1dacd_rename_to_schemas_allowed_for_file_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-11-11_16-41_b8d3a24d9131_new_dataset_models.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-12-02_12-03_abe27eaf93db_add_extra_config_column_to_alerts.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-12-10_19-25_bb38f40aa3ff_add_force_screenshot_to_alerts_reports.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-12-13_14-06_fe23025b9441_rename_big_viz_total_form_data_fields.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-12-15_15-05_c53bae8f08dd_add_saved_query_foreign_key_to_tab_state.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2021-12-17_16-56_31bb738bd1d2_move_pivot_table_v2_legacy_order_by_to_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-01-19_07-34_5fd49410a97a_add_columns_for_external_management.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-01-28_16-03_5afbb1a5849b_add_embedded_dahshoard_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-02-25_08-06_ab9a9d86e695_deprecate_time_range_endpoints.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-03-02_09-20_b5a422d8e252_fix_query_and_saved_query_null_schema.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-03-02_16-41_7293b0ca7944_change_adhoc_filter_b_from_none_to_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-03-04_09-59_6766938c6065_add_key_value_store.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-03-16_21-07_8b841273bec3_sql_lab_models_database_constraint_updates.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-03-16_23-24_58df9d617f14_add_on_saved_query_delete_tab_state_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-03-29_18-03_2ed890b36b94_rm_time_range_endpoints_from_qc.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-04-01_14-38_a9422eeaae74_new_dataset_models_take_2.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-04-04_15-04_b0d0249074e4_deprecate_time_range_endpoints_v2.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-04-06_14-10_9d8a8d575284_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-04-14_17-21_cecc6bf46990_rm_time_range_endpoints_2.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-04-18_11-20_ad07e4fdbaba_rm_time_range_endpoints_from_qc_3.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-05-03_19-39_cbe71abde154_fix_report_schedule_and_log.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-05-18_16-07_e786798587de_delete_none_permissions.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-06-14_15-28_e09b4ae78457_resize_key_value_blob.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-06-19_16-17_f3afaf1f11f0_add_unique_name_desc_rls.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-06-27_14-59_7fb8bca906d2_permalink_rename_filterstate.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-07-05_15-48_409c7b420ab0_add_created_by_fk_as_owner.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-07-07_00-00_cdcf3d64daf4_add_user_id_dttm_idx_to_log_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-07-07_13-00_c747c78868b6_migrating_legacy_treemap.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-07-07_14-00_06e1e70058c7_migrating_legacy_area.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-07-11_11-26_ffa79af61a56_rename_report_schedule_extra_to_extra_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-07-19_15-16_a39867932713_query_context_to_mediumtext.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-08-16_15-23_6d3c6f9d665d_fix_table_chart_conditional_formatting_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-08-31_19-30_291f024254b5_drop_column_allow_multi_schema_metadata_fetch.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-10-03_17-34_deb4c9d4a4ef_parameters_in_saved_queries.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-10-20_10-48_f3c2d8ec8595_create_ssh_tunnel_credentials_tbl.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2022-11-28_17-51_4ce1d9b25135_remove_filter_bar_orientation.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-02-28_14-46_c0a3ea245b61_remove_show_native_filters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-03-05_10-06_d0ac08bb5b83_invert_horizontal_bar_chart_order.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-03-17_13-24_b5ea9d343307_bar_chart_stack_options.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-03-27_12-30_7e67aecbf3f1_chart_ds_constraint.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-03-29_20-30_07f9a902af1b_drop_postgres_enum_constrains_for_tags.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-05-01_12-03_9c2a5681ddfd_convert_key_value_entries_to_json.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-05-11_12-41_4ea966691069_cross_filter_global_scoping.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-01_13-13_83e1abbe777f_drop_access_request.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-08_09-02_9ba2ce3086e5_migrate_pivot_table_v1_to_v2.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-08_10-22_4c5da39be729_migrate_treemap_chart.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-08_11-34_ae58e1e58e5c_migrate_dual_line_to_mixed_chart.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-21_14-02_90139bf715e4_add_currency_column_to_metrics.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-22_13-39_6fbe660cac39_add_on_delete_cascade_for_tables_references.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-27_16-54_8e5b0fb85b9a_add_custom_size_columns_to_report.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-28_19-49_bf646a0c1501_json_metadata.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-06-29_18-38_240d23c7f86f_update_tag_model_w_description.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-07-07_20-06_f92a3124dd66_drop_rouge_constraints_and_tables.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-07-11_15-51_6d05b0a70c89_add_on_delete_cascade_for_owners_references.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-07-12_20-34_e0f6f91c2055_create_user_favorite_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-07-18_15-30_863adcf72773_delete_obsolete_druid_nosql_slice_parameters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-07-19_16-48_a23c6f8b1280_cleanup_erroneous_parent_filter_ids.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-07-19_17-54_ee179a490af9_deckgl_path_width_units.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-08-02_15-23_0769ef90fddd_fix_schema_perm_for_datasets.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-08-08_14-14_2e826adca42c_log_json.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-08-09_14-17_8ace289026f3_add_on_delete_cascade_for_dashboard_slices.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-08-09_15-39_4448fa6deeb1__dd_on_delete_cascade_for_embedded_dashboards.py.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-08-14_09-38_9f4a086c2676_add_normalize_columns_to_sqla_model.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-08-22_11-09_ec54aca4c8a2_increase_ab_user_email_field_size.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-09-06_13-18_317970b4400c_added_time_secondary_column_to_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-09-15_12-58_4b85906e5b91_add_on_delete_cascade_for_dashboard_roles.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-12-01_12-03_b7851ee5522f_replay_317970b4400c.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2023-12-15_17-58_06dd9ff00fe8_add_percent_calculation_type_funnel_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-01-05_16-20_65a167d4c62e_add_indexes_to_report_models.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-01-16_13-14_59a1450b3c10_drop_filter_sets_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-01-17_13-09_96164e3017c6_tagged_object_unique_constraint.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-01-18_12-12_15a2c68a2e6b_merging_two_heads.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-01-18_14-41_a32e0c4d8646_migrate_sunburst_chart.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-01-18_15-20_214f580d09c9_migrate_filter_boxes_to_native_filters.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-01-19_08-42_1cf8e4344e2b_merging.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-01-19_10-03_e863403c0c50_drop_url_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-02-07_17-13_87d38ad83218_migrate_can_view_and_drill_permission.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-02-14_14-43_17fcea065655_change_text_to_mediumtext.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-03-01_10-47_be1b217cd8cd_big_number_kpi_single_metric.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-03-20_16-02_678eefb4ab44_add_access_token_table.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-04-01_22-44_c22cb5c2e546_user_attr_avatar_url.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-04-08_15-43_5ad7321c2169_mig_new_csv_upload_perm.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-04-11_15-41_5f57af97bc3f_add_catalog_column.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-04-17_14-04_d60591c5515f_mig_new_excel_upload_perm.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-04-26_12-36_4a33124c18ad_mig_new_columnar_upload_perm.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-01_10-52_58d051681a3b_add_catalog_perm_to_tables.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-02_13-40_3dfd0e78650e_add_query_sql_editor_id_index.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-06_11-37_645bb206f96c_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-08_19-33_4081be5b6b74_enable_catalog_in_databricks.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-09_18-44_87ffc36f9842_enable_catalog_in_bigquery_presto_trino_.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-09_19-19_f7b6750b67e8_change_mediumtext_to_longtext.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-10_11-09_9621c6d56ffb_add_subject_column_to_report_schedule.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-10_18-02_f84fde59123a_update_charts_with_old_time_comparison.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/2024-05-24_11-31_02f4f7811799_remove_sl__tables.cpython-310.pyc
superset/migrations/versions/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
superset/models/__init__.py
superset/models/annotations.py
superset/models/cache.py
superset/models/core.py
superset/models/dashboard.py
superset/models/dynamic_plugins.py
superset/models/embedded_dashboard.py
superset/models/helpers.py
superset/models/slice.py
superset/models/sql_lab.py
superset/models/user_attributes.py
superset/models/sql_types/__init__.py
superset/models/sql_types/presto_sql_types.py
superset/queries/__init__.py
superset/queries/api.py
superset/queries/filters.py
superset/queries/schemas.py
superset/queries/saved_queries/__init__.py
superset/queries/saved_queries/api.py
superset/queries/saved_queries/filters.py
superset/queries/saved_queries/schemas.py
superset/reports/__init__.py
superset/reports/api.py
superset/reports/filters.py
superset/reports/models.py
superset/reports/schemas.py
superset/reports/types.py
superset/reports/logs/__init__.py
superset/reports/logs/api.py
superset/reports/logs/schemas.py
superset/reports/notifications/__init__.py
superset/reports/notifications/base.py
superset/reports/notifications/email.py
superset/reports/notifications/exceptions.py
superset/reports/notifications/slack.py
superset/reports/notifications/slack_mixin.py
superset/reports/notifications/slackv2.py
superset/row_level_security/__init__.py
superset/row_level_security/api.py
superset/row_level_security/schemas.py
superset/security/__init__.py
superset/security/analytics_db_safety.py
superset/security/api.py
superset/security/guest_token.py
superset/security/manager.py
superset/sql_validators/__init__.py
superset/sql_validators/base.py
superset/sql_validators/postgres.py
superset/sql_validators/presto_db.py
superset/sqllab/__init__.py
superset/sqllab/api.py
superset/sqllab/command_status.py
superset/sqllab/exceptions.py
superset/sqllab/execution_context_convertor.py
superset/sqllab/limiting_factor.py
superset/sqllab/query_render.py
superset/sqllab/schemas.py
superset/sqllab/sql_json_executer.py
superset/sqllab/sqllab_execution_context.py
superset/sqllab/utils.py
superset/sqllab/validators.py
superset/static/.gitkeep
superset/static/version_info.json
superset/static/assets/000057c1a7fb835abd18.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/000057c1a7fb835abd18.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/00d7f97e8da11f21aaa6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/00d7f97e8da11f21aaa6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/00fc5ade13e51592c11c.geojson
superset/static/assets/023db878f10be2203b60.woff2
superset/static/assets/03205fff3ed0787d47fa.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/03205fff3ed0787d47fa.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/03775ecc9dac5fec9b69.geojson
superset/static/assets/041df06703ac969cbddd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/041df06703ac969cbddd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/041ee03e8c06e442e3ad.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/041ee03e8c06e442e3ad.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/047222cb57912d24cb89.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/047222cb57912d24cb89.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/04882060855583ea17c8.geojson
superset/static/assets/049f0defc0870bb20da9.geojson
superset/static/assets/04abfe7af46697820c8c.geojson
superset/static/assets/04ff158c5c2e5d815980.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/04ff158c5c2e5d815980.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/05b13a53903bd6fe8a8d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/05b13a53903bd6fe8a8d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/05e60c386140a62e63ac.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/05e60c386140a62e63ac.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/060b2710bdbbe3dfe48b.svg
superset/static/assets/074578e6298c69e9fb8e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/074578e6298c69e9fb8e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0790442dc6f139623c64.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0790442dc6f139623c64.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/08887f296ccb85af66ad.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/08887f296ccb85af66ad.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/091e2e3fc588bcb326bc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/091e2e3fc588bcb326bc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/09831322a25dc49bcbac.woff2
superset/static/assets/0a6d58ff4db404837ef3.geojson
superset/static/assets/0acb54c755dec53de476.woff
superset/static/assets/0b85d6e67fcca16c4a88.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0b85d6e67fcca16c4a88.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0be8a9054b3f6ad3a439.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0be8a9054b3f6ad3a439.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0bfc603d942c55e953e6.woff
superset/static/assets/0c0e7cb985ae01f558fd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0c0e7cb985ae01f558fd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0c7989cd810cacb9fc5a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0c7989cd810cacb9fc5a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0c80aaec634043d8fbf3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0c80aaec634043d8fbf3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0cbc8abb48b206ae42cd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0cbc8abb48b206ae42cd.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/0cbc8abb48b206ae42cd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0cd0ab16d6324286889b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0cd0ab16d6324286889b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0cf5772401286924bdc8.geojson
superset/static/assets/0d84abea228596e7d8d6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0d84abea228596e7d8d6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0d91a975f010051e7150.woff2
superset/static/assets/0dfad3672d01a405e88e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0dfad3672d01a405e88e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0e1e33df8ebb67fb5172.geojson
superset/static/assets/0ea02c467d5f8b1e7494.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0ea02c467d5f8b1e7494.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/0f220f8c6d3c8e9b3a2a.geojson
superset/static/assets/0f9ce9ec149d7b7ff9a8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/0f9ce9ec149d7b7ff9a8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1008622f7672474b65cd.geojson
superset/static/assets/1041803ff52739390ad4.geojson
superset/static/assets/104507df38c315dcd60a.woff
superset/static/assets/105900e8bf117a62936a.geojson
superset/static/assets/11aeae6e31a0d8c24c83.woff
superset/static/assets/12411d3b0d33c5e65521.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/12411d3b0d33c5e65521.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/129570f206c3d07d1938.geojson
superset/static/assets/1301.a41427b36747cc29b293.entry.js
superset/static/assets/1301.a41427b36747cc29b293.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/130e9ff3eb9577380d96.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/130e9ff3eb9577380d96.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/130e9ff3eb9577380d96.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1541.9a00934f573939e3e36c.entry.js
superset/static/assets/1541.9a00934f573939e3e36c.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/15821f893d9264834c42.geojson
superset/static/assets/15a36622b6545dc8d358.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/15a36622b6545dc8d358.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1605b7c8b4d6341401b9.geojson
superset/static/assets/160726b3623504089db9.woff2
superset/static/assets/177668e2374918534911.geojson
superset/static/assets/1806f068765ca0d93a60.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1806f068765ca0d93a60.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1818e22bb5cd8485989f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1818e22bb5cd8485989f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1861e261c82fea04401e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1861e261c82fea04401e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/188fce30de6285e93537.geojson
superset/static/assets/1939.889e1ec3e31a48f890de.entry.js
superset/static/assets/1939.889e1ec3e31a48f890de.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/1a1474519a0ea853fdce.png
superset/static/assets/1a8c72e4e0960ca63435.geojson
superset/static/assets/1addb7de7b7af670927f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1addb7de7b7af670927f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1b678cd59c2c0267cb68.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1b678cd59c2c0267cb68.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1bc8f35c6cee8f514b49.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1bc8f35c6cee8f514b49.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1bf0c29e1baab78bb284.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1bf0c29e1baab78bb284.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1bf18e5ab1ba31a68753.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1bf18e5ab1ba31a68753.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1c15ffeb30a43928dcfd.woff2
superset/static/assets/1c20f7dc20d731a18fcd.woff
superset/static/assets/1c40a5f09bcd1b326957.woff
superset/static/assets/1c63f5432bef80354796.geojson
superset/static/assets/1de18f64298a0c984812.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1de18f64298a0c984812.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1de338f87e68cc223112.geojson
superset/static/assets/1e53f9b24f06ac138894.geojson
superset/static/assets/1e6d85585439622b5a0c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1e6d85585439622b5a0c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1e8bf6630e9b92639b32.woff2
superset/static/assets/1efc257fc56794f5b3c2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/1efc257fc56794f5b3c2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/1f88a62e906b4bac439b.woff
superset/static/assets/206ae79fe688f2a779e6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/206ae79fe688f2a779e6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/21a755b3ff3bee6ad2cc.geojson
superset/static/assets/21f1cca7e74554b399b9.geojson
superset/static/assets/2259a6dd4a1a56d6bfb2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2259a6dd4a1a56d6bfb2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/23a5a3815e571bb9f3ba.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/23a5a3815e571bb9f3ba.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/23cefe0b9f7514c1f4c9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/23cefe0b9f7514c1f4c9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2413e7d88d724cd1a547.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2413e7d88d724cd1a547.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/24e95871e045f3e32d13.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/24e95871e045f3e32d13.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/24f1251316622dcc59aa.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/24f1251316622dcc59aa.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/25b7c495f686777a1c08.woff2
superset/static/assets/2629e2d9ee6f20cc8c70.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2629e2d9ee6f20cc8c70.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2741.25c098b171be5765550a.entry.js
superset/static/assets/2741.25c098b171be5765550a.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/2772692e0b4d06154a10.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2772692e0b4d06154a10.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/283baee7d7e6a67db339.woff2
superset/static/assets/28c8f6060760ec1a5d25.woff
superset/static/assets/29168b2268b6041e5163.geojson
superset/static/assets/29e840360859798978f2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/29e840360859798978f2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/29f0e32574aad248ca95.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/29f0e32574aad248ca95.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2a44f94cdc73bb3b8185.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2a44f94cdc73bb3b8185.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2a63d30f63291a7aa19d.geojson
superset/static/assets/2a8a80e5c606ae7942d0.geojson
superset/static/assets/2b00b569c39e260e6512.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2b00b569c39e260e6512.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2b290c86d1a539edcf95.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2b290c86d1a539edcf95.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2b8be079a0e965b2f035.woff
superset/static/assets/2ba8a8afce574dc443bf.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2ba8a8afce574dc443bf.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2be0f2ce80d3f342b57a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2be0f2ce80d3f342b57a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2ce8deba9f3086abf422.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2ce8deba9f3086abf422.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2cfa3a7c746cd1234757.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2cfa3a7c746cd1234757.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2d379ad7515ff33e1947.geojson
superset/static/assets/2e1358340d198a2e246d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2e1358340d198a2e246d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2ec414a176ec1cd041d7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2ec414a176ec1cd041d7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2eff6ba3d09def99b57e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2eff6ba3d09def99b57e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2f791fd0e4c44f76a246.woff2
superset/static/assets/2f7d13950d480f32cb3e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/2f7d13950d480f32cb3e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/2fe143a76cefe218c0ef.geojson
superset/static/assets/30671fd942afc4d07947.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/30671fd942afc4d07947.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/30b2aafed21fea46a435.geojson
superset/static/assets/30b4ea10b8457369730f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/30b4ea10b8457369730f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/315467cf58266f3e1484.geojson
superset/static/assets/3176e794093204107069.geojson
superset/static/assets/3195.8c673cd86a96780a1042.entry.js
superset/static/assets/3195.8c673cd86a96780a1042.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/31ab85cb2392d38e66cb.geojson
superset/static/assets/31ed41fac3ded6fa55c2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/31ed41fac3ded6fa55c2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/31fecaf52294548dc4f8.geojson
superset/static/assets/32113aeedc176d395550.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/32113aeedc176d395550.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/32269619b39eff2d07f3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/32269619b39eff2d07f3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3259c9f52f1e5c547ffb.geojson
superset/static/assets/32787826f58dbb95981a.woff2
superset/static/assets/3329ef2cd6052a5de4bb.woff
superset/static/assets/332b7d250dc0a97394c4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/332b7d250dc0a97394c4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3347be1a1eaf3ef1aedc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3347be1a1eaf3ef1aedc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/35186222fd9f93a7142f.geojson
superset/static/assets/363c89bbe42b89fb47eb.geojson
superset/static/assets/367fb37aa3a8e7591e6a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/367fb37aa3a8e7591e6a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/36e1c638285ff30be264.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/36e1c638285ff30be264.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3824babeb67fbebf45b3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3824babeb67fbebf45b3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3879.e26845f38d8e48ea865e.entry.js
superset/static/assets/3879.e26845f38d8e48ea865e.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/3a43bb595da0d3967366.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3a43bb595da0d3967366.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3a80f113cc53b2993ca0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3a80f113cc53b2993ca0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3ad69d6a1ce7f179bc82.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3ad69d6a1ce7f179bc82.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3c107fff785a53321482.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3c107fff785a53321482.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3d10c85fbd16969509a2.woff2
superset/static/assets/3d22ac89782143fc7852.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3d22ac89782143fc7852.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3d4dba052dd0ef9a9515.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3d4dba052dd0ef9a9515.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3d7ffaa62d390b44b46e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3d7ffaa62d390b44b46e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3daf5eddab14b494b845.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3daf5eddab14b494b845.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3dbf43b7f4b4fcc3d641.geojson
superset/static/assets/3df2b4dac7591de85920.geojson
superset/static/assets/3e553d04706e4a986d34.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3e553d04706e4a986d34.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3e648a31bc0959a65726.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3e648a31bc0959a65726.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3e9ca4420413cf383ad1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/3e9ca4420413cf383ad1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/3f53928a5b2588041b62.geojson
superset/static/assets/3f5c79206b868e34689d.geojson
superset/static/assets/3f669e157f2f08d6bd00.geojson
superset/static/assets/3fc14c8eb0a0c1cfe6f1.geojson
superset/static/assets/404.html
superset/static/assets/40943fe660144befc2b5.geojson
superset/static/assets/4194b96a63a3f2c3a66e.geojson
superset/static/assets/41c3ddf669959f09c306.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/41c3ddf669959f09c306.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/41c3ddf669959f09c306.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4203dd4b74b217cb987f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4203dd4b74b217cb987f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/42d68436a0fd29bc6b6e.geojson
superset/static/assets/4314c10ca53347c8563e.geojson
superset/static/assets/4347b731116668e83dab.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4347b731116668e83dab.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/43500a1c7583c28e80bc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/43500a1c7583c28e80bc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/43528b066d09ac2acf0d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/43528b066d09ac2acf0d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/445017de84e71398bb54.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/445017de84e71398bb54.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/445017de84e71398bb54.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/44c0b8fb848a3edd504d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/44c0b8fb848a3edd504d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/44c9df135eec470b0ab6.woff2
superset/static/assets/4513.4203dd4b74b217cb987f.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/4513.4203dd4b74b217cb987f.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/4585bccf84901a109390.woff2
superset/static/assets/45af0c680a33e34e3621.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/45af0c680a33e34e3621.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/45ca1f6f4eef5bc331f5.geojson
superset/static/assets/45f0cc44eabfdee4a588.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/45f0cc44eabfdee4a588.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4692b9ec53fd5972caa2.ttf
superset/static/assets/4696a34584e7caa1ce0f.woff2
superset/static/assets/46b38c380ab47bd08698.geojson
superset/static/assets/46ebbed12ec2fd610d99.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/46ebbed12ec2fd610d99.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/48dd28015e32c81cc548.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/48dd28015e32c81cc548.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4937241862880548d0ba.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4937241862880548d0ba.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/49f2aeef7c314c3b0cc1.woff
superset/static/assets/4a97205e6c59dc3011c4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4a97205e6c59dc3011c4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4ad268ec27f35e521945.geojson
superset/static/assets/4b5fe69fa7c9447a96f2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4b5fe69fa7c9447a96f2.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/4b5fe69fa7c9447a96f2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4bd2741baf928ab20005.geojson
superset/static/assets/4c1a8cffff19233bdec8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4c1a8cffff19233bdec8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4c31a70bc2b934cbee11.geojson
superset/static/assets/4c3496eb51bf230c88e9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4c3496eb51bf230c88e9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4c57c96bc5e39d4b4ac7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4c57c96bc5e39d4b4ac7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4caed1b1da8ec27979cb.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4caed1b1da8ec27979cb.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4d56ea953041d06820e2.woff2
superset/static/assets/4e09846ce709a10ade61.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4e09846ce709a10ade61.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/4fcacbd00c9c6d7b7d28.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/4fcacbd00c9c6d7b7d28.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/500.html
superset/static/assets/5006ed9f2891e8884da5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5006ed9f2891e8884da5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/501eb95c95e051be910c.geojson
superset/static/assets/5026e22b9219323b4a10.geojson
superset/static/assets/50638bf537115609f6e6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/50638bf537115609f6e6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/508458e8abdccadea533.woff2
superset/static/assets/5185a4ae6e31b3ab193d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5185a4ae6e31b3ab193d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/51ba7065b4c39ef2f68e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/51ba7065b4c39ef2f68e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/5233.fb54956397bf192c6ffe.entry.js
superset/static/assets/5233.fb54956397bf192c6ffe.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/5233.fb54956397bf192c6ffe.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/533083d416eaba741b96.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/533083d416eaba741b96.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/5334b66d522696842fa2.woff2
superset/static/assets/540023a9b46a9d831de2.woff
superset/static/assets/5426982721aef4d25afc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5426982721aef4d25afc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/543b23880dc156e80f8f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/543b23880dc156e80f8f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/5527.074578e6298c69e9fb8e.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/5527.074578e6298c69e9fb8e.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/55331bbe165249d266dd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/55331bbe165249d266dd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/55678308868ef11ca37d.geojson
superset/static/assets/5568.e4902336632912aef393.entry.js
superset/static/assets/5568.e4902336632912aef393.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/5568.e4902336632912aef393.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/5637a1ab4749e0181fd5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5637a1ab4749e0181fd5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/57112de5b12cddb50240.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/57112de5b12cddb50240.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/576d8fa734643b172fe9.geojson
superset/static/assets/57817d196e4264de9cfc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/57817d196e4264de9cfc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/57f745092c84596faaa2.geojson
superset/static/assets/58c2a2d33e580fa3838c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/58c2a2d33e580fa3838c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/591f6240b949dbd72558.woff2
superset/static/assets/5b236c8b315c99938bf2.geojson
superset/static/assets/5b7156f802c053798d95.woff2
superset/static/assets/5b7724ac5329a7aa6ff1.woff
superset/static/assets/5be1347c682810f199c7.eot
superset/static/assets/5bf6ba67500a5181450c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/5bf6ba67500a5181450c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/5c46a357ea91911fc65d.woff2
superset/static/assets/5d7b681071594a84cb86.geojson
superset/static/assets/5d8da5037ba5b9c2272d.woff2
superset/static/assets/5e0dc8e6c43759c1f5d2.geojson
superset/static/assets/601d34e3deecfdb520c6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/601d34e3deecfdb520c6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6025a9aff31393de82f8.geojson
superset/static/assets/602eb93fcc55fbc80a4f.woff2
superset/static/assets/60855a2ba0301949daa5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/60855a2ba0301949daa5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/60ad1bd90b5e7ab9751d.geojson
superset/static/assets/60dd10fd541d70cd80a9.geojson
superset/static/assets/6183cbc95676005b6ec9.geojson
superset/static/assets/61b5e6ab5ec7db6ec1b8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/61b5e6ab5ec7db6ec1b8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6283f35f92d27fadc80a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6283f35f92d27fadc80a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/62f72ae926b810f936ea.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/62f72ae926b810f936ea.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6309390c3eb87976ed06.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6309390c3eb87976ed06.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6326b13faec32ec08434.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6326b13faec32ec08434.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/63c8e9ae1ed72984af4c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/63c8e9ae1ed72984af4c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/63d02ea896a7406849b6.woff2
superset/static/assets/644102abbc00c643c3b1.woff2
superset/static/assets/6455f8e457104e2364be.geojson
superset/static/assets/6486ff90237dba3853c4.geojson
superset/static/assets/6490b93ca5d897afca5e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6490b93ca5d897afca5e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/64e39de19786c3382651.geojson
superset/static/assets/657e15d6cdd519a548c0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/657e15d6cdd519a548c0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/65ea82671c04f483c1a9.geojson
superset/static/assets/65f3b99cecf272d3722b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/65f3b99cecf272d3722b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/667570862a0d92962a16.woff
superset/static/assets/667f22c9b36deaea0f54.woff2
superset/static/assets/66b47163e208d317935d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/66b47163e208d317935d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/67006a3e1d0f9d558e2d.geojson
superset/static/assets/671df8e17cc4faf8cb69.geojson
superset/static/assets/673e7a14f761f853814a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/673e7a14f761f853814a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/682415e8ab33a8d693fb.geojson
superset/static/assets/687a1cb4c030f1382c8b.geojson
superset/static/assets/687f9968bf9f6110f166.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/687f9968bf9f6110f166.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6984cf5e8583fac83be3.woff2
superset/static/assets/69b1ffb95dec98b4c39c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/69b1ffb95dec98b4c39c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/69ec0f1e2f1d7f02e555.geojson
superset/static/assets/6a11f5b81e638a5ca817.geojson
superset/static/assets/6a7660bad75255d4a4df.geojson
superset/static/assets/6b33e2f9b537a9f80c23.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6b33e2f9b537a9f80c23.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6c64799ce6a067f54345.geojson
superset/static/assets/6cd66ee5bcf049800404.geojson
superset/static/assets/6d1c2a42a3709516582d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6d1c2a42a3709516582d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6d627a46c9b7811e9703.geojson
superset/static/assets/6e3e9cfa9563d25e6018.geojson
superset/static/assets/6e9bc3c4844eadb94431.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6e9bc3c4844eadb94431.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/6f0836c40b4e6fa02119.geojson
superset/static/assets/6f154aa9e97bb43beb1b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/6f154aa9e97bb43beb1b.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/6f154aa9e97bb43beb1b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7005.ac056ff325484a5accca.entry.js
superset/static/assets/7005.ac056ff325484a5accca.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/71fe28cbf2df080340ec.woff2
superset/static/assets/728e0c68fbca38435309.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/728e0c68fbca38435309.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/730a286fee724cf0f1f8.geojson
superset/static/assets/7310f23116d73588e068.geojson
superset/static/assets/73674a41bb80a2210e34.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/73674a41bb80a2210e34.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/73674a41bb80a2210e34.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/736b88ac7059fcec8e9d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/736b88ac7059fcec8e9d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/73b05cda8a4d2a75e80c.geojson
superset/static/assets/74213e26ab3095275deb.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/74213e26ab3095275deb.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/748e5349f4a4574f74b8.geojson
superset/static/assets/74c8ba021f8826fe5020.geojson
superset/static/assets/75678ec77a3ab1bc5d22.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/75678ec77a3ab1bc5d22.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/756b6367a9bb0df3d532.svg
superset/static/assets/75798527efa6a6f38664.woff
superset/static/assets/7665524d366380162fed.geojson
superset/static/assets/769a92d0ea01ac83c26b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/769a92d0ea01ac83c26b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7721.9d30448d7d2cb67e2cb9.entry.js
superset/static/assets/7721.9d30448d7d2cb67e2cb9.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/77e1a7d2037e0d276b2b.geojson
superset/static/assets/7867.a15ed4c0a0e11435b528.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/7867.a15ed4c0a0e11435b528.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/78ece7388796ad080796.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/78ece7388796ad080796.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/78ff9c246269dd9b59d1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/78ff9c246269dd9b59d1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/791b19de053e3074d823.geojson
superset/static/assets/7a0f071c3dc8281b0e88.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7a0f071c3dc8281b0e88.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7a2dad334e0e4e9eaa51.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7a2dad334e0e4e9eaa51.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7a3df4259954092e4fb0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7a3df4259954092e4fb0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7a412b1deb529c4e82f3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7a412b1deb529c4e82f3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7a6bb74a22d4b34fa743.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7a6bb74a22d4b34fa743.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7ab314770b17ed63ba8d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7ab314770b17ed63ba8d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7b224b93abfbe4bdd33a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7b224b93abfbe4bdd33a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7b8424755c6dfe34c62e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7b8424755c6dfe34c62e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7b9b1be0a38870412a59.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7b9b1be0a38870412a59.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7c1be22e96e3af1351fd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7c1be22e96e3af1351fd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7d241fb8c3568afe681b.woff
superset/static/assets/7da97f91bbed9e012ee2.geojson
superset/static/assets/7de0487ed05cfb5354b9.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7de0487ed05cfb5354b9.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7e354661667b2ffbf34e.geojson
superset/static/assets/7e467f2b9f5618c094b8.woff
superset/static/assets/7e7594e0432b84536054.woff
superset/static/assets/7eb66353d753023eb7a4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/7eb66353d753023eb7a4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/7f67cfd4832dde0e0494.woff
superset/static/assets/7f93137897a31eb3b694.geojson
superset/static/assets/7fa62b99d016d4256e31.geojson
superset/static/assets/8085972c684398665cab.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8085972c684398665cab.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/809d1bf98d99ac83ce70.geojson
superset/static/assets/80ae9bb1f64efb6a4c45.geojson
superset/static/assets/80fd6b03da335e602366.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/80fd6b03da335e602366.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/81c6582c0320a2c8ba9a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/81c6582c0320a2c8ba9a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/821774fe912d9cfe8b62.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/821774fe912d9cfe8b62.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/821774fe912d9cfe8b62.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8292.12699e03614b34fdcc34.entry.js
superset/static/assets/8292.12699e03614b34fdcc34.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/8292.12699e03614b34fdcc34.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/82b1212e45a2bc35dd73.woff
superset/static/assets/82b8dc3ab87347646fe5.geojson
superset/static/assets/82fee1fc1f664f347df4.geojson
superset/static/assets/83b57b20560aa3c2cf13.geojson
superset/static/assets/83b9729631e4b33cb5d0.geojson
superset/static/assets/83bf8593ea5cbc4443fe.geojson
superset/static/assets/840e4a3381eb1fde85ce.woff2
superset/static/assets/8470e62a07cf3929fa30.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8470e62a07cf3929fa30.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/85398f513871cbf1dcbb.woff2
superset/static/assets/854b494bf6b686be4b01.geojson
superset/static/assets/8567.c2a413fb67ab33f7c0b5.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/8567.c2a413fb67ab33f7c0b5.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/8571cfb3a4bbe0bba2fd.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8571cfb3a4bbe0bba2fd.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/859eb9300cbb53ea3e92.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/859eb9300cbb53ea3e92.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/85e6d480cf6bfc46a829.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/85e6d480cf6bfc46a829.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/86eb9892da8aec8d6e8b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/86eb9892da8aec8d6e8b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8740e4c85eb5d31086a1.geojson
superset/static/assets/8769.6c1c32da4a61eba7eae8.entry.js
superset/static/assets/8769.6c1c32da4a61eba7eae8.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/877dc2b56726ec61d1e8.woff
superset/static/assets/87f6b57bf8937a1c52f8.geojson
superset/static/assets/88fe22fec81b2c11e303.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/88fe22fec81b2c11e303.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8be759ddd305f6c2301d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8be759ddd305f6c2301d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8c1267752ee5fde65883.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8c1267752ee5fde65883.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8c28ba304f358a8a37e1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8c28ba304f358a8a37e1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8d2a876e13898c970571.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8d2a876e13898c970571.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8d870ac48b232c69184f.geojson
superset/static/assets/8d9f3a040c3e055df4ca.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8d9f3a040c3e055df4ca.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8df4a9895807e342c3e9.js
superset/static/assets/8e25cdecbdf42e06474e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8e25cdecbdf42e06474e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/8ea58c917826e375d808.geojson
superset/static/assets/8fa567a5959c3003fc15.geojson
superset/static/assets/8fbd379675839aa290ec.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/8fbd379675839aa290ec.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/90286df06299685c249c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/90286df06299685c249c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/90869615faa0a4abc5e0.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/90869615faa0a4abc5e0.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9160d5ba9e6099f95032.woff
superset/static/assets/9211ff0520802b26561a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9211ff0520802b26561a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/92d1347871facfaee276.geojson
superset/static/assets/941bda887d8ade02f305.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/941bda887d8ade02f305.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/952.0289319b813a35250689.entry.js
superset/static/assets/952.0289319b813a35250689.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/952.0289319b813a35250689.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/9565d87529b9072e64d1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9565d87529b9072e64d1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/957220aa708952efad01.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/957220aa708952efad01.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/95ba85d8e304cf0544df.woff
superset/static/assets/95ed413703dca8f268f3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/95ed413703dca8f268f3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9615f799356c859671e3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9615f799356c859671e3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9626fbbe6b6cb181910a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9626fbbe6b6cb181910a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/964c0c376efe9e1cc3bd.geojson
superset/static/assets/9698cc7dbf147ed363b6.woff2
superset/static/assets/96a0efd53261f2299502.geojson
superset/static/assets/96f8adc74b63e1a3655f.woff
superset/static/assets/97835edc77846983123f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/97835edc77846983123f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/97a7cc5a0827d1476361.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/97a7cc5a0827d1476361.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/97f60a23bbf0d7d66b73.geojson
superset/static/assets/98978164c85fdfdb6054.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/98978164c85fdfdb6054.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9898143f380a8a55532f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9898143f380a8a55532f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/98b12ab75421f0cf36fc.geojson
superset/static/assets/991674955661cf34515b.geojson
superset/static/assets/997d6078fb317dfd5bb4.woff2
superset/static/assets/9a519032745639f6484e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9a519032745639f6484e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9aada3df8b392ef1bbc7.woff
superset/static/assets/9acd3c217e1f3e012b32.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9ada3b9e4dccd5819c9b.geojson
superset/static/assets/9ae7c9c5700350c9d97f.geojson
superset/static/assets/9ae81c0375a5d80c6b66.geojson
superset/static/assets/9b88f1ea7a7e4ea8a587.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9b88f1ea7a7e4ea8a587.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9bf317256a1b8bd4cfa7.geojson
superset/static/assets/9c08f098d1e2f5b77d29.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9c08f098d1e2f5b77d29.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9c296cf19c09a2830640.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9c296cf19c09a2830640.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9c4582693a6b686fbacb.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9c4582693a6b686fbacb.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9cf28f89621be86525cc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9cf28f89621be86525cc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9d111139a583baef3053.woff2
superset/static/assets/9d67aa8524fd61bcec53.geojson
superset/static/assets/9d92cae53baeb642e431.woff2
superset/static/assets/9dd7015136b5cc9b8013.woff
superset/static/assets/9e00c3ad22a23d56cff3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9e00c3ad22a23d56cff3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9e87728b637ae6699c9c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9e87728b637ae6699c9c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9ec161e183db2a8fd685.geojson
superset/static/assets/9f517c2b1f930f397149.geojson
superset/static/assets/9f72d46793d3c376bddf.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/9f72d46793d3c376bddf.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/9fd5b6aad4024f8c0d8e.geojson
superset/static/assets/Area1.b13966ae.png
superset/static/assets/Bar1.05db33fe.png
superset/static/assets/Bar2.c41826d8.png
superset/static/assets/Bar3.0ace6ce6.png
superset/static/assets/BarChart3.6c1382b7.jpg
superset/static/assets/Bar_Chart.897135b4.jpg
superset/static/assets/Bar_Chart_2.2db0caa4.jpg
superset/static/assets/BigNumber.b33901bf.jpg
superset/static/assets/BigNumber2.3f1427c2.jpg
superset/static/assets/Big_Number_Trendline.bccce4c1.jpg
superset/static/assets/BoxPlot.1833526f.jpg
superset/static/assets/DashboardContainer.4b5fe69fa7c9447a96f2.chunk.css
superset/static/assets/DashboardContainer.4b5fe69fa7c9447a96f2.chunk.css.map
superset/static/assets/Horizon_Chart.7b46c45c.jpg
superset/static/assets/Line1.7282d4c8.png
superset/static/assets/Line2.c13c8aae.png
superset/static/assets/LineChart.e0e66ab1.jpg
superset/static/assets/LineChart2.32576bb2.jpg
superset/static/assets/MapBox.6e6f79c8.jpg
superset/static/assets/MapBox2.6337d5b5.jpg
superset/static/assets/Pie1.2cbe969f.jpg
superset/static/assets/Pie2.42fece24.jpg
superset/static/assets/Pie3.8c46d429.jpg
superset/static/assets/Pie4.8bdccf82.jpg
superset/static/assets/Sankey.25e6833c.jpg
superset/static/assets/Sankey2.4083c192.jpg
superset/static/assets/Scatter1.665fe2f7.png
superset/static/assets/SmoothLine1.97fed005.png
superset/static/assets/Step1.297e1ce0.png
superset/static/assets/Step2.10e90fb7.png
superset/static/assets/Sunburst1.241865fc.png
superset/static/assets/Sunburst2.3421fc35.png
superset/static/assets/Table.f8a6698c.jpg
superset/static/assets/Table2.c8533c18.jpg
superset/static/assets/Table3.8997ea72.jpg
superset/static/assets/Time-series_Chart.8ff488d2.jpg
superset/static/assets/Time_Series_Bar_Chart.f6bb1a65.jpg
superset/static/assets/Time_Series_Bar_Chart2.9b95dd4f.jpg
superset/static/assets/Time_Series_Bar_Chart3.1605efdf.jpg
superset/static/assets/Word_Cloud.3d210efb.jpg
superset/static/assets/Word_Cloud_2.2a94fb99.jpg
superset/static/assets/WorldMap1.da13410b.jpg
superset/static/assets/WorldMap2.2ace1986.jpg
superset/static/assets/a02612820aa7a94295e4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a02612820aa7a94295e4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a06bbd9a3dc6bb85d08b.geojson
superset/static/assets/a07fbff35a16f56d7799.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a07fbff35a16f56d7799.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a092f41370db8c10f2c2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a092f41370db8c10f2c2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a0c3643cde94716220e8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a0c3643cde94716220e8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a10931d3a643f48663b9.woff
superset/static/assets/a10ce5818011e3d85ae1.geojson
superset/static/assets/a136c1ccf57c4221b8c7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a136c1ccf57c4221b8c7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a14792d2fd49aa2cc525.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a14792d2fd49aa2cc525.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a15ed4c0a0e11435b528.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a15ed4c0a0e11435b528.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/a15ed4c0a0e11435b528.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a1762e3ab08b77d0a915.geojson
superset/static/assets/a177e814d3e437145b16.geojson
superset/static/assets/a1ea12d6035893766c75.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a1ea12d6035893766c75.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a269c60373a664cac93d.geojson
superset/static/assets/a275c1c23a41ef90b01e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a275c1c23a41ef90b01e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a2a9188f029bc84511f7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a2a9188f029bc84511f7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a2ac4a41b5650c6bf3f3.geojson
superset/static/assets/a32602ab6698438585de.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a32602ab6698438585de.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a37bd6dc9b9767cf7260.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a37bd6dc9b9767cf7260.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a42da273bb968bf2058d.woff
superset/static/assets/a4a08d5fad420081f36e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a4a08d5fad420081f36e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a4fdb87b8c5c179b8f95.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a4fdb87b8c5c179b8f95.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a58782013ae688e5d4f7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a58782013ae688e5d4f7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a5d08c520aac6824f77e.geojson
superset/static/assets/a89ba447e6337da2c635.geojson
superset/static/assets/a8de720a6f13c66c8a4e.woff2
superset/static/assets/a8e456aa4f211c186eb2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/a8e456aa4f211c186eb2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/a9bf795001d1a90b36a8.woff
superset/static/assets/aa4b63fee9142aea9bd4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/aa4b63fee9142aea9bd4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/aa54c50084d362e3cf10.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/aa54c50084d362e3cf10.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/aa900fea9aed1ba3c903.woff
superset/static/assets/ab7cfbb79c495ed74555.geojson
superset/static/assets/ab99992e008d3da0a573.geojson
superset/static/assets/aca3a397239e17314824.geojson
superset/static/assets/ad3834391ee794734e59.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ad3834391ee794734e59.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/adb24f7867f5767ed110.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/adb24f7867f5767ed110.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ade2c07fc9f019631881.geojson
superset/static/assets/ae1e0d56273f9e0667c8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ae1e0d56273f9e0667c8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ae415c9f005b35e62bbf.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ae415c9f005b35e62bbf.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ae42eef62a26676260a3.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ae42eef62a26676260a3.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ae5f9691ebe48c908e8c.woff2
superset/static/assets/aef8b7a1e11d237f782c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/aef8b7a1e11d237f782c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/af030e7286b6c2c33c49.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/af030e7286b6c2c33c49.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b01fb73b111d937e4c09.png
superset/static/assets/b0707f4e0b4ad1e39714.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b0707f4e0b4ad1e39714.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b0c8fe9db56dd415a25a.woff
superset/static/assets/b146ce8405d4a54d6a72.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b146ce8405d4a54d6a72.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b187635a3d8a0b90faa0.woff2
superset/static/assets/b20fcc0fcd2b42b03211.geojson
superset/static/assets/b27542ce32df584504c6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b27542ce32df584504c6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b2e39048374820514887.geojson
superset/static/assets/b4184a62d0fd2c456616.geojson
superset/static/assets/b493b1a71afdfd3fb3f2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b493b1a71afdfd3fb3f2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b519488ab6a63b05efd5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b519488ab6a63b05efd5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b53a4b25ed60d11fb0af.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b53a4b25ed60d11fb0af.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b5803b289835919c5b82.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b5803b289835919c5b82.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b580dbd2bfe7278ec181.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b580dbd2bfe7278ec181.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b5c87816b0adbd109537.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b5c87816b0adbd109537.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b72c3a8be402a8f28d63.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b72c3a8be402a8f28d63.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b79219a99375b72cbe75.geojson
superset/static/assets/b79835f45289d411f8ce.geojson
superset/static/assets/b82b1214502a70c7b297.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b82b1214502a70c7b297.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b847b5f463398aab8c54.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/b847b5f463398aab8c54.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/b97c297bd52859a0d424.woff2
superset/static/assets/b9dcbca183ac93f02061.woff2
superset/static/assets/b9e1e89444a313a63b91.woff
superset/static/assets/ba3b8b69a69b0e83d453.woff
superset/static/assets/ba8e5571736486fccf56.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ba8e5571736486fccf56.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/baa7d275e77b643d30ec.geojson
superset/static/assets/battery.8fed19b7.jpg
superset/static/assets/bb87da82a50a52427c64.geojson
superset/static/assets/bbe71b23f6266a2e2908.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bbe71b23f6266a2e2908.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bc2c9c21e2358ce9239b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bc2c9c21e2358ce9239b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bc2eb559c9229b226aaf.geojson
superset/static/assets/bcb83aa446f3c9229c64.geojson
superset/static/assets/bd14fb7ca45615c831cd.geojson
superset/static/assets/bd2d1b978cc913766db3.geojson
superset/static/assets/bdb9c89abc10b9f93cfe.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bdb9c89abc10b9f93cfe.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bdc4727c3b6498c722ad.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bdc4727c3b6498c722ad.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bdde14a5bc046c5fc283.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bdde14a5bc046c5fc283.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/be2833d4be293efa4045.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/be2833d4be293efa4045.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/be810be3a3e14c682a25.woff2
superset/static/assets/bee4895fd050a43f5a2b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/bee4895fd050a43f5a2b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/bf82edc4933bef7dc401.geojson
superset/static/assets/bffd1be2fd6cd38cf734.geojson
superset/static/assets/c0166517ded0b5920832.woff
superset/static/assets/c10597db8cee230c1163.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c10597db8cee230c1163.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c14d326391e9eb51904c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c14d326391e9eb51904c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c16f33517fbb5c1a3a99.geojson
superset/static/assets/c2a413fb67ab33f7c0b5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c2a413fb67ab33f7c0b5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c36cdf8820bc10fa98f8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c36cdf8820bc10fa98f8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c556b5d042ebf128e47c.woff
superset/static/assets/c6becd09bfd0ca6063b2.geojson
superset/static/assets/c78fe8fbc89ce015d56e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c78fe8fbc89ce015d56e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c7fa46352607a3edf182.woff2
superset/static/assets/c86ef0f5cd43dc3a2365.geojson
superset/static/assets/c8a7cddec49294a9e8ba.woff2
superset/static/assets/c8e1bb3041c007c1d621.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/c8e1bb3041c007c1d621.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/c93142ae3a3358f66f77.geojson
superset/static/assets/ca443ed89a2ad35a551c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ca443ed89a2ad35a551c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ca4f5afb40ce48ae4b37.geojson
superset/static/assets/cab2100a1334759bb241.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cab2100a1334759bb241.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cae60072057c2db85d48.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cae60072057c2db85d48.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cb04b2ee2f7d192478b8.woff2
superset/static/assets/cb992eb8e51976337e72.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cb992eb8e51976337e72.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cbc71955e9956dcd2882.woff
superset/static/assets/cc59b6cc5fdc5ee98ba6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/cc59b6cc5fdc5ee98ba6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ccb7c66edabe8f236876.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ccb7c66edabe8f236876.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/cdee089641063008e2be.woff
superset/static/assets/ce60970447cde0dd1582.woff2
superset/static/assets/cee00f8818e16096ef25.geojson
superset/static/assets/cef9830708e26302fb98.geojson
superset/static/assets/cfe459a41009714a800b.geojson
superset/static/assets/channels.99e7cde9.jpg
superset/static/assets/chord.446d549d.jpg
superset/static/assets/d1399594e538ab438057.geojson
superset/static/assets/d150f126ef1699ce7746.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d150f126ef1699ce7746.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d2301d6dab55d1666341.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d2301d6dab55d1666341.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/d2301d6dab55d1666341.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d23691e00c69fff4825d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d23691e00c69fff4825d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d259d1d595812d531216.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d259d1d595812d531216.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d30adec8098cf69e3043.geojson
superset/static/assets/d3231b9e8c965dbf8550.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d3231b9e8c965dbf8550.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d375629b832487852954.geojson
superset/static/assets/d379845608a48303aa71.geojson
superset/static/assets/d3965e84a3d8052c08d2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d3965e84a3d8052c08d2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d41b2ebeee5ee22cd45d.geojson
superset/static/assets/d484740f0e5d5fa0003c.geojson
superset/static/assets/d4b5df8a3d0288a1190d.geojson
superset/static/assets/d4cd287b4870b8b13be7.geojson
superset/static/assets/d5622cc3d48adff7eee3.geojson
superset/static/assets/d5678af9bde31b7f1d69.geojson
superset/static/assets/d5999339d2d9c99d4fb8.woff
superset/static/assets/d70714917baffb5bad26.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d70714917baffb5bad26.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d7414c9c697487055f3f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d7414c9c697487055f3f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d7442335c443b9c6e7f7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d7442335c443b9c6e7f7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d79eb001da77459a036e.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d79eb001da77459a036e.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d7b614825bc8b94f2ebb.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d7b614825bc8b94f2ebb.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/d88e949ff461f10d9c9a.geojson
superset/static/assets/d926cc0f1b1821a9614b.geojson
superset/static/assets/d960f9fd9cb813d44a25.geojson
superset/static/assets/d9e93abcaa4fe7efe5b8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/d9e93abcaa4fe7efe5b8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dad37c6aac07eb2d7b78.geojson
superset/static/assets/dbb749717e17bf3e39da.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dbb749717e17bf3e39da.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dc2a2048e62f43afe9b6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dc2a2048e62f43afe9b6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dcc938732b3a69b1270a.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dcc938732b3a69b1270a.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dccf657ea353c2c7a4bd.geojson
superset/static/assets/dd4ea1c8e0dedf73750b.geojson
superset/static/assets/dd57804a1c51500b84a7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/dd57804a1c51500b84a7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/dda400c30ba0af328154.geojson
superset/static/assets/ddb467778cd07e23bbdc.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ddb467778cd07e23bbdc.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/de6d83f934a9fb5eb6a9.geojson
superset/static/assets/de70eb38adf9c59eefaf.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/de70eb38adf9c59eefaf.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/debbffdb973ef30bef14.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/debbffdb973ef30bef14.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/df2df94cba5a4d453dff.geojson
superset/static/assets/dfeb81ad8d1e78dd74d4.geojson
superset/static/assets/e0213786fb45d0357b66.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e0213786fb45d0357b66.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e0547b72c3661e9eceff.woff
superset/static/assets/e05db41fc2ebb370a373.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e05db41fc2ebb370a373.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/e05db41fc2ebb370a373.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e19a735f226a9f0d928f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e19a735f226a9f0d928f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e1a532b928c7177f5112.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e1a532b928c7177f5112.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e1e9e3ed08af5b50de41.woff2
superset/static/assets/e2841352dd9512ff455b.woff
superset/static/assets/e35598a35dd713b127e3.geojson
superset/static/assets/e3bafb62eb2592c0bb0e.png
superset/static/assets/e4e53b4513421e436cae.geojson
superset/static/assets/e4e992a5c68825831439.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e4e992a5c68825831439.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e5124c0fb29987604ffd.geojson
superset/static/assets/e51c58fb23335f6819a7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e51c58fb23335f6819a7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e533f8433673adcb1901.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e533f8433673adcb1901.chunk.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/e533f8433673adcb1901.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e55dabedda49ee397c07.geojson
superset/static/assets/e56534e03aad9daaa2bb.geojson
superset/static/assets/e6624e26bcca93edcd76.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e6624e26bcca93edcd76.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e679444af0c37d27d57a.geojson
superset/static/assets/e710e195325697255787.geojson
superset/static/assets/e824ac3c6c579cd0fe85.woff
superset/static/assets/e89451624c6caf35687f.woff
superset/static/assets/e8d60bc8f433a602c4be.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e8d60bc8f433a602c4be.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e9c9d3889392bc2a808d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e9c9d3889392bc2a808d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/e9e8a1bb1d5f5dea311b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/e9e8a1bb1d5f5dea311b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ea11e73530c3a64e306f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ea11e73530c3a64e306f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ea32daa420199d20299e.woff2
superset/static/assets/eaa460aaa2e79137b7f6.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/eaa460aaa2e79137b7f6.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/eac8069bcb5594f79ea2.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/eac8069bcb5594f79ea2.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/eb981b048fc31c4f97f7.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/eb981b048fc31c4f97f7.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ebf1229f80295f354e29.geojson
superset/static/assets/ebf838fe60b56b1f73d8.geojson
superset/static/assets/ec960df5068862243cbc.woff
superset/static/assets/ed38b52eff3998dc925c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ed38b52eff3998dc925c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ee0efc7377f21516881c.geojson
superset/static/assets/ee277a786715662e5ae1.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ee277a786715662e5ae1.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ee2fd460fa05b34fb464.geojson
superset/static/assets/ee60eec3447fea3f6f26.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/ee60eec3447fea3f6f26.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/eebf91494eec9b85eb8c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/eebf91494eec9b85eb8c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/ef0681ce0445174570f0.geojson
superset/static/assets/embedded.88ebd0e1f2a0825271fa.entry.js
superset/static/assets/embedded.88ebd0e1f2a0825271fa.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/employment.7b5c16a7.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.0df299a4.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.197589e8.png
superset/static/assets/example.1ec31bd3.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.2018d670.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.2f2c30c6.png
superset/static/assets/example.361d67a3.png
superset/static/assets/example.537c9da1.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.61c54865.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.661644db.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.6f0d126b.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.71df2d6f.png
superset/static/assets/example.74513bdf.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.789fda46.png
superset/static/assets/example.7de75ac1.png
superset/static/assets/example.a260f7bd.png
superset/static/assets/example.b2236be9.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.b4ba0c5a.jpg
superset/static/assets/example.c37b40b5.png
superset/static/assets/example.d91f44db.png
superset/static/assets/example.d9a48098.png
superset/static/assets/example.e9179e8a.png
superset/static/assets/example.f2f6c07c.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.023a2d67.png
superset/static/assets/example1.198466c2.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.297446aa.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.34be4dd6.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.44f08793.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.56ea6b14.png
superset/static/assets/example1.6c4d3e0c.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.7fb85f88.png
superset/static/assets/example1.a58bab57.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.b8069aef.jpg
superset/static/assets/example1.bd493731.png
superset/static/assets/example1.f68a646e.png
superset/static/assets/example2.0ce27c6f.png
superset/static/assets/example2.15d8bad2.png
superset/static/assets/example2.19c795b0.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.1e997473.png
superset/static/assets/example2.207fccfb.png
superset/static/assets/example2.5c0aa0f4.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.65d169da.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.c63be840.png
superset/static/assets/example2.ea481d57.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.ef2d1091.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.f7e90b3e.jpg
superset/static/assets/example2.f881423e.jpg
superset/static/assets/example3.3738f056.jpg
superset/static/assets/example3.89a5d8fd.png
superset/static/assets/example3.8faa0540.png
superset/static/assets/example3.99ab6fd0.jpg
superset/static/assets/example4.94717fd8.jpg
superset/static/assets/exampleGermany.db162ad7.jpg
superset/static/assets/exampleUsa.5007a9ac.jpg
superset/static/assets/f01df3e4b33688e6a293.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f01df3e4b33688e6a293.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f287e957e42303db0dc6.geojson
superset/static/assets/f28bb2ed0fb0603c57f5.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f28bb2ed0fb0603c57f5.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f2a4e50feea5aa8c96a6.geojson
superset/static/assets/f2a733c2ad0a15382a6f.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f2a733c2ad0a15382a6f.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f2fa0d9ef98f59d4a75b.woff2
superset/static/assets/f334e1ebe176bbd5ba7c.geojson
superset/static/assets/f3c3f0689af8cafeab87.geojson
superset/static/assets/f3e7c7846e01353e59f3.geojson
superset/static/assets/f46567788e464ac34d10.woff
superset/static/assets/f48eea0334dfe6cde92d.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f48eea0334dfe6cde92d.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f4e0e3f8d960ebf2cf04.geojson
superset/static/assets/f4e85011ead22c56d05b.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f4e85011ead22c56d05b.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f563fd98871bb4a2bd5e.geojson
superset/static/assets/f5c22b4a01190088f5b8.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f5c22b4a01190088f5b8.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f5cc45e74fe3738abfc5.woff
superset/static/assets/f6596ad939c922b586de.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f6596ad939c922b586de.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f68971d8677d78f1a4c4.geojson
superset/static/assets/f69493e8c90e666f0ab0.geojson
superset/static/assets/f6c6f117610544fb0dc1.woff
superset/static/assets/f7564ad50ef708cc9a44.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f7564ad50ef708cc9a44.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f8173346724ecf833a57.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f8173346724ecf833a57.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f8f413dd815d2ee7dca2.geojson
superset/static/assets/f97362f0f16c0f9daa11.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f97362f0f16c0f9daa11.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/f9a02da79eabfde04b05.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/f9a02da79eabfde04b05.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fa2f46a8a332752b465c.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fa2f46a8a332752b465c.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fa98d297e3d4c0b2de42.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fa98d297e3d4c0b2de42.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fb3e424c4b40f4c866a0.geojson
superset/static/assets/fbdf9d0e4901b0978db4.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fbdf9d0e4901b0978db4.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fcffa8e39e09824b978c.geojson
superset/static/assets/fd0171bee327a5a54b32.geojson
superset/static/assets/fd0c9d04772cd8f76444.chunk.js
superset/static/assets/fd0c9d04772cd8f76444.chunk.js.map
superset/static/assets/fd1478dcc74de00ee4c0.woff2
superset/static/assets/fdb0e297e20e78c2d1f0.geojson
superset/static/assets/ff22c31fb487056e8c35.geojson
superset/static/assets/ff2f01f73d63f6d74ee9.woff
superset/static/assets/loading.cff8a5da.gif
superset/static/assets/manifest.json
superset/static/assets/menu.0e4e0b3c0bd0138150b8.entry.js
superset/static/assets/menu.0e4e0b3c0bd0138150b8.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/package.json
superset/static/assets/preamble.7149c755b21fb48f38b5.entry.js
superset/static/assets/preamble.7149c755b21fb48f38b5.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/spa.b40725f40fac75ad4bf1.entry.css
superset/static/assets/spa.b40725f40fac75ad4bf1.entry.css.map
superset/static/assets/spa.b40725f40fac75ad4bf1.entry.js
superset/static/assets/spa.b40725f40fac75ad4bf1.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/spa.b40725f40fac75ad4bf1.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/theme.51266e9c9a3a44200fb6.entry.css
superset/static/assets/theme.51266e9c9a3a44200fb6.entry.css.map
superset/static/assets/theme.51266e9c9a3a44200fb6.entry.js
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.013ae6a4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.0bdf08a4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.0be12067.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.0cdc0470.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.0fd3ce37.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.154cdccd.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.169748417afab50aa635.entry.js
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.1a9ace38.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.1e4e5b08.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.22e46caa.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.241865fc.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.2b21fc4a.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.2ec285ca.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.39c29e21.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.3a51101f.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.3b5aef49.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.4a9b5e62.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.50c780c0.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.52aeda65.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.5d5ddfcc.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.5ec3e6bd.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.652ad50f.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.66ee99c5.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.6b7ac120.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.8beef864.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.8d7d3cbe.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.8e8858da.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.92b5826e.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.94dfb10d.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.9506c7f0.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.9905c92f.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.9d4c8d11.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a463d279.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a5307f41.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a55df64a.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a923c837.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.a924bed4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.aa9710fc.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ab750ae6.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ab8113ee.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ace42983.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.b0251af6.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.b290682b.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.b627d1a4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.b751c252.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.c2670397.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.c501c39d.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.d2ebb8b7.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e3f36081.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e556fb5f.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e62c1972.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e7c50181.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.e9235c2d.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ea1ff627.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.ee528db4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.f2cfa9c4.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.f2d16e54.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.f5779edd.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.f6ecb617.png
superset/static/assets/thumbnail.fb226195.png
superset/static/assets/transportation.75912cf2.jpg
superset/static/assets/tree.4b27c6bb.png
superset/static/assets/treemap_v2_1.f997bb13.png
superset/static/assets/treemap_v2_2.bac597e9.jpg
superset/static/assets/vendors.2a1175d05cb45a82491f.entry.js
superset/static/assets/vendors.2a1175d05cb45a82491f.entry.js.LICENSE.txt
superset/static/assets/vendors.2a1175d05cb45a82491f.entry.js.map
superset/static/assets/images/apache-kylin.png
superset/static/assets/images/apache_feather.png
superset/static/assets/images/babies.png
superset/static/assets/images/bubble.png
superset/static/assets/images/chart-card-fallback.svg
superset/static/assets/images/chart.svg
superset/static/assets/images/clickhouse.png
superset/static/assets/images/cloud.png
superset/static/assets/images/couchbase.svg
superset/static/assets/images/create_role.png
superset/static/assets/images/dash.png
superset/static/assets/images/dashboard-card-fallback.svg
superset/static/assets/images/dashboard.svg
superset/static/assets/images/databend.png
superset/static/assets/images/databricks.png
superset/static/assets/images/db2.png
superset/static/assets/images/document.svg
superset/static/assets/images/doris.png
superset/static/assets/images/druid.png
superset/static/assets/images/druid_agg.png
superset/static/assets/images/empty-charts.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-dashboard.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-dataset.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-queries.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-query.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty-table.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty.svg
superset/static/assets/images/empty_sql_chart.svg
superset/static/assets/images/error404.png
superset/static/assets/images/error500.png
superset/static/assets/images/exasol.png
superset/static/assets/images/favicon.png
superset/static/assets/images/filter-results.svg
superset/static/assets/images/filter.svg
superset/static/assets/images/firebird.png
superset/static/assets/images/firebolt.png
superset/static/assets/images/google-biquery.png
superset/static/assets/images/greenplum.png
superset/static/assets/images/hologres.png
superset/static/assets/images/loading.gif
superset/static/assets/images/mariadb.png
superset/static/assets/images/monet-db.png
superset/static/assets/images/mssql-server.png
superset/static/assets/images/mysql.png
superset/static/assets/images/netezza.png
superset/static/assets/images/no-columns.svg
superset/static/assets/images/noimg.png
superset/static/assets/images/oceanbase.svg
superset/static/assets/images/oracle.png
superset/static/assets/images/pinot.png
superset/static/assets/images/postgresql.png
superset/static/assets/images/presto.png
superset/static/assets/images/redshift.png
superset/static/assets/images/rockset.png
superset/static/assets/images/s.png
superset/static/assets/images/snowflake.png
superset/static/assets/images/sqlite.png
superset/static/assets/images/star-circle.svg
superset/static/assets/images/starrocks.png
superset/static/assets/images/superset-logo-horiz.png
superset/static/assets/images/superset.png
superset/static/assets/images/superset_screenshot.png
superset/static/assets/images/sybase.png
superset/static/assets/images/teradata.png
superset/static/assets/images/timescale.png
superset/static/assets/images/trino.png
superset/static/assets/images/union.png
superset/static/assets/images/union.svg
superset/static/assets/images/vector.svg
superset/static/assets/images/vertica.png
superset/static/assets/images/yugabyte.png
superset/static/assets/images/icons/alert.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/alert_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/alert_solid_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/area-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/ballot.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/bar-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/big-number-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/binoculars.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/bolt.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/bolt_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/bolt_small_run.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/calendar.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cancel-x.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cancel.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cancel_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/card_view.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cards.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cards_locked.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/caret_down.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/caret_left.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/caret_right.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/caret_up.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/category.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/certified.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/check.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/checkbox-half.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/checkbox-off.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/checkbox-on.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/circle.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/circle_check.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/circle_check_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/clock.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/close.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/code.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cog.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/collapse.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/color_palette.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/components.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/copy.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cross-filter-badge.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/current-rendered-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/cursor_target.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/database.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/dataset_physical.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/dataset_virtual.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/dataset_virtual_greyscale.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/default_db_image.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/download.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/drag.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/edit.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/edit_alt.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/email.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/error.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/error_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/error_solid_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/error_solid_small_red.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/exclamation.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/expand.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/eye.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/eye_slash.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/favorite-selected.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/favorite-unselected.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/favorite_small_selected.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_abc.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_boolean.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_date.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_derived.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_num.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/field_struct.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/file.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/filter.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/filter_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/folder.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/full.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/function_x.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/gear.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/grid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/image.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/import.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/info-solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/info.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/info_solid_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/join.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/keyboard.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/layers.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/lightbulb.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/line-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/link.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/list.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/list_view.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/location.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/lock_locked.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/lock_unlocked.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/map.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/message.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/minus.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/minus_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/more_horiz.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/more_vert.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/move.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_charts.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_dashboard.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_data.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_explore.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_home.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/nav_lab.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/note.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/offline.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/paperclip.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/pie-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/placeholder.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/plus.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/plus_large.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/plus_small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/plus_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/queued.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/redo.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/refresh.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/running.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/save.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/search.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/server.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/share.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/slack.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/sort.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/sort_asc.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/sort_desc.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/sql.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/table-chart-tile.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/table.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/tag.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/tags.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/transparent.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/trash.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/triangle_change.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/triangle_down.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/triangle_up.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/undo.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/up-level.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/user.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/warning.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/warning_solid.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/x-large.svg
superset/static/assets/images/icons/x-small.svg
superset/static/assets/images/screenshots/explore.jpg
superset/static/assets/images/screenshots/gallery.jpg
superset/static/assets/images/screenshots/slack_dash.jpg
superset/static/assets/images/screenshots/sql_lab.jpg
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/add_db.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_01_sources_database.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_02_add_database.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_03_database_name.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_04_sqlalchemy_connection_string.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_05_connection_popup.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_06_list_of_tables.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_07_save_button.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_08_sources_tables.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_09_add_new_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_10_table_name.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_11_choose_db.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_12_table_creation_success_msg.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_13_edit_table_config.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_14_field_config.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_15_click_table_name.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_16_datasource_chart_type.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_17_choose_time_range.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_18_choose_metric.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_19_click_query.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_20_count_star_result.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_21_group_by.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_22_group_by_result.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_23_group_by_more_dimensions.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_24_max_metric.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_25_max_temp_filter.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_26_row_limit.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_27_top_10_max_temps.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_28_bar_chart.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_29_bar_chart_series_metrics.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_30_bar_chart_results.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_31_save_slice_to_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_32_save_slice_confirmation.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_33_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_34_weather_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_35_slice_on_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/tutorial/tutorial_36_adjust_dimensions.gif
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/add_new_chart.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/advanced_analytics_base.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/annotation.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/annotation_settings.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/average_aggregate_for_cost.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/blue_bar_insert_component.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/chose_a_datasource.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/csv_to_database_configuration.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/edit-record.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/edit_annotation.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/filter_on_origin_country.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/markdown.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/no_filter_on_time_filter.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/parse_dates_column.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/publish_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/resample.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/resize_tutorial_table_on_dashboard.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/rolling_mean.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/save_tutorial_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/select_dates_pivot_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/select_table_visualization_type.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/sum_cost_column.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/time_comparison_absolute_difference.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/time_comparison_two_series.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/tutorial_line_chart.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/tutorial_pivot_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/tutorial_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/usertutorial/upload_a_csv.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/area.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/bar.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/big_number.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/big_number_total.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/box_plot.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/bubble.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/bullet.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/cal_heatmap.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/chord.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/compare.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/country_map.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_arc.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_geojson.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_grid.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_hex.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_multi.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_path.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_polygon.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_scatter.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/deck_screengrid.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/directed_force.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/dist_bar.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/dual_line.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/event_flow.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/filter_box.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/heatmap.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/histogram.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/horizon.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/iframe.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/line.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/line_multi.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/mapbox.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/markup.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/multi.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/paired_ttest.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/para.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/partition.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/pie.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/pivot_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/rose.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/sankey.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/separator.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/sunburst.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/table.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/time_pivot.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/time_table.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/treemap.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/word_cloud.png
superset/static/assets/images/viz_thumbnails/world_map.png
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/reactable-pagination.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/superset.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/antd/index.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/fonts.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/index.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/variables.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/cosmo/bootswatch.less
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/cosmo/cosmoTheme.js
superset/static/assets/stylesheets/less/cosmo/variables.less
superset/tables/__init__.py
superset/tags/__init__.py
superset/tags/api.py
superset/tags/core.py
superset/tags/exceptions.py
superset/tags/filters.py
superset/tags/models.py
superset/tags/schemas.py
superset/tasks/__init__.py
superset/tasks/async_queries.py
superset/tasks/cache.py
superset/tasks/celery_app.py
superset/tasks/cron_util.py
superset/tasks/exceptions.py
superset/tasks/scheduler.py
superset/tasks/thumbnails.py
superset/tasks/types.py
superset/tasks/utils.py
superset/templates/tail_js_custom_extra.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/baselayout.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/navbar.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/general/model/list.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/general/widgets/base_list.html
superset/templates/appbuilder/general/widgets/search.html
superset/templates/email/alert.txt
superset/templates/slack/alert.txt
superset/templates/slack/alert_no_screenshot.txt
superset/templates/superset/base.html
superset/templates/superset/basic.html
superset/templates/superset/csrf_token.json
superset/templates/superset/export_dashboards.html
superset/templates/superset/flash_wrapper.html
superset/templates/superset/import_dashboards.html
superset/templates/superset/macros.html
superset/templates/superset/oauth2.html
superset/templates/superset/paper-theme.html
superset/templates/superset/public_welcome.html
superset/templates/superset/spa.html
superset/templates/superset/theme.html
superset/templates/superset/traceback.html
superset/templates/superset/fab_overrides/list.html
superset/templates/superset/fab_overrides/list_role.html
superset/templates/superset/fab_overrides/list_with_checkboxes.html
superset/templates/superset/form_view/database_schemas_selector.html
superset/templates/superset/form_view/columnar_to_database_view/edit.html
superset/templates/superset/models/database/add.html
superset/templates/superset/models/database/edit.html
superset/templates/superset/models/database/macros.html
superset/templates/superset/partials/asset_bundle.html
superset/templates/superset/reports/slice_data.html
superset/temporary_cache/__init__.py
superset/temporary_cache/api.py
superset/temporary_cache/schemas.py
superset/temporary_cache/utils.py
superset/thumbnails/__init__.py
superset/thumbnails/digest.py
superset/translations/__init__.py
superset/translations/babel.cfg
superset/translations/empty_language_pack.json
superset/translations/messages.pot
superset/translations/requirements.txt
superset/translations/utils.py
superset/translations/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
superset/translations/__pycache__/utils.cpython-310.pyc
superset/translations/ar/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/ar/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/ar/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/de/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/de/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/es/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/es/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/fr/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/fr/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/it/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/it/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/it/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/ja/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/ja/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/ja/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/ko/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/ko/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/nl/LC_MESSAGES/messages.json
superset/translations/nl/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/nl/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/pt/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/pt/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/ru/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/ru/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/sk/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/sk/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/sl/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/sl/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/tr/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/uk/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/uk/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/zh/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/zh/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/translations/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
superset/translations/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
superset/utils/__init__.py
superset/utils/backports.py
superset/utils/cache.py
superset/utils/cache_manager.py
superset/utils/class_utils.py
superset/utils/core.py
superset/utils/csv.py
superset/utils/dashboard_filter_scopes_converter.py
superset/utils/dashboard_import_export.py
superset/utils/database.py
superset/utils/date_parser.py
superset/utils/dates.py
superset/utils/decorators.py
superset/utils/dict_import_export.py
superset/utils/encrypt.py
superset/utils/excel.py
superset/utils/feature_flag_manager.py
superset/utils/file.py
superset/utils/filters.py
superset/utils/google_sheets.py
superset/utils/hashing.py
superset/utils/json.py
superset/utils/log.py
superset/utils/logging_configurator.py
superset/utils/machine_auth.py
superset/utils/mock_data.py
superset/utils/network.py
superset/utils/oauth2.py
superset/utils/pdf.py
superset/utils/profiler.py
superset/utils/public_interfaces.py
superset/utils/retries.py
superset/utils/schema.py
superset/utils/screenshots.py
superset/utils/slack.py
superset/utils/ssh_tunnel.py
superset/utils/url_map_converters.py
superset/utils/urls.py
superset/utils/webdriver.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/__init__.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/aggregate.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/boxplot.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/compare.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/contribution.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/cum.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/diff.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/flatten.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/geography.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/histogram.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/pivot.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/prophet.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/rank.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/rename.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/resample.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/rolling.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/select.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/sort.py
superset/utils/pandas_postprocessing/utils.py
superset/views/__init__.py
superset/views/alerts.py
superset/views/all_entities.py
superset/views/annotations.py
superset/views/api.py
superset/views/base.py
superset/views/base_api.py
superset/views/base_schemas.py
superset/views/core.py
superset/views/css_templates.py
superset/views/dynamic_plugins.py
superset/views/error_handling.py
superset/views/explore.py
superset/views/export.py
superset/views/filters.py
superset/views/health.py
superset/views/key_value.py
superset/views/sqllab.py
superset/views/tags.py
superset/views/utils.py
superset/views/chart/__init__.py
superset/views/chart/filters.py
superset/views/chart/mixin.py
superset/views/chart/views.py
superset/views/dashboard/__init__.py
superset/views/dashboard/mixin.py
superset/views/dashboard/views.py
superset/views/database/__init__.py
superset/views/database/mixins.py
superset/views/database/validators.py
superset/views/database/views.py
superset/views/datasource/__init__.py
superset/views/datasource/schemas.py
superset/views/datasource/utils.py
superset/views/datasource/views.py
superset/views/log/__init__.py
superset/views/log/api.py
superset/views/log/schemas.py
superset/views/log/views.py
superset/views/sql_lab/__init__.py
superset/views/sql_lab/schemas.py
superset/views/sql_lab/views.py
superset/views/users/__init__.py
superset/views/users/api.py
superset/views/users/schemas.py